1)Nowadays there is a common tendency to learn foreign languages in all over the world. So there is an actual question among parents whether to let their children start studying new languages at primary school or (:do:) (do) [to do] it when they get older and go to secondary school?

2)After all, such freedom can be dangerous for everyone. People use their opportunities (:for:) (realize) [to realize] bad ideas. It can lead to various, suchuch as bad thoughts or, in some cases, a. Our children listen to music on the internet, and we cannot control everything that they do.
3)Our children listen to music on the internet, and we cannot control everything that they do. Some movies and videos are awful. Is it permissablefor a child (:singing:) (sing) [to sing] Russian rap? No. It should be under control.

4)However creative artist must have some restrictions. They are people of art and they must give a good example for people who are not creative, but want (:know:) (know) [to know] something about art and also for children. Creative people shouldn't use bad actions and words or something else in their arts that can have bad influence on people who are interested in it.

5)On the other hand, such measure can bring us many bad things. If we speak about economy, we could not notice that there is a spending of a huge sums and other ways can be cheeper and more effective. Moreover, this measure (:do:) (do) [does] not cover the whole population an does not impact on adult who does not want to interact with sports facilities.

6)The second main group was people between 15 and 59 years with 46,3% of total population. However, people from 60 years consisted only of 3,6%. To compare with the population in 2050 year, there (:will:) (be) [will be] more people between 15-59 years and 60+ years while the amount of 0-14 years people will decrease.

7)On the one hand, increasing the number of the sport centres or stadiums can help to do healthy lifestyle more available for people. If the government or private organisation built, for example, a swimming pool in small town, the population of this town will do more sport and it let them (:to be:) (be) [be] healthier.

8)So I think, the parents should pay for attention to their children. It is very important (:give:) (give) [to give] them the right knowledge for themselves future life (in school, for example). Also the government must help to set up special programmes.

9)Perhaps, those ideas could seem dangerous to the government. That is the reason of such measures. Futhermore, through the art politicians try to get people's attention to (:giving:) (give) [give] them the ideology. However, that is not art. True art is free and honest.
10)Mass media can be used to promote healthy lifestyle. Also government can levy the higher taxes on alcohol and cigarettes. However, all these measures will not work without personal desire of (:being:) (be) [to be] healthy. Some people dislike sport and prefer drinking and smoking over running.

11)Nowadays, the modern conditions for working and studying do not allow people (:have not:) (have) [to have] an active way of life. In addition, cities are totally polluted by the transport emissions, a lack of nature objects and etc. Besides, we have unhealthy food, a lack of sleep and so on.
12)Nowadays, when we live in the modern world, when people have a quick pace of life, they work for a major part of their lives and men and women do not have enough time for rest and also for eating healthy home food. As a result, we have problems with our health. Some people think that the best way (:for improving:) (improve) [to improve] health of the society is to increase the number of sport facilities that will give opportunities to us to improve health. But another part of the society says that it is a bad idea, and that there are other measures that are required.

13)People, who have time on sport also can find enough time for doing something else. For example, at school, the children, which are doing some sport more often have good marks, than those, who are sitting at home and doing nothing. One more advantage to increase the number of sports facilities is that, when we have more opportunities (:to doing:) (do) [to do] something, we can choose an activity, that is more familiar to us. We have more wants to do what is interesting to us, talking about improving sports facilities, I also mean some special programmes, for example, for children from not very rich families. A lot of people nowadays cannot do sport because they do not have money for some activities, which are interesting for them.
14)In my opinion, both sides are right. The government should care about people. It should spend a lot of time and money (:for improving:) (improve) [to improve] public helth. The government should build hospitals and special medicine centres. It should not be expensive for people.
15)In my opinion, both these points of view are correct and that we need (:to developping:) (develop) [to develop] these courses at the same time. At first, we need fill the minds of people with thoughts about their health, so they desire to become healthier and to teach their children in the right way. Because children are our future.

16)And by visiting different sports sections people get enough physical activity to keep their health on the right level. Also, some kinds of sports might be used in the treatment of people who have some physical restrictions and with the development of facilities for this sports it will be easier for these people to live a full life. Thirdly, parents usually tend to send children in different sports sections, and the wider the choise the easier for children (:find:) (find) [to find] sports that they like and in which they might become professionals. Also, doing sports from the childhood is a great way to raise a healthy generation.

17)To sum up, I think that, creating of new sport facilities should be combined with an increasing desire to be healthy and to do sports, simultaneously. Making such opportunities and the of incentives are the main things (:for success:) (succeed) [to succeed] in direction in improving public health.

18)On the other hand, offering more sport facilities could lead to bad consequences. Most of people have some restrictions to some sport exercises, because it could cause damage to their bodies. (:For improving:) (improve) [To improve] health of such people some other methods are requiered such as keeping a special diet, long working on a fresh air or just relaxing more.

19)The projections for 2050 show that the amount of the elder will raise, and the percentage of people under 59 years old will reduce. In 2000, the number of young people in Yemen was at least in three times bigger in amount than this number in Italy, it remains so in 2050. The percentage of people of 15-59 years old in 2050 in Italy is supposed (:to:) (be) [to be] equal to the number in 2000 in Yemen while Yemen`s percentage of 15-59 years old people in 2050 will likely  to be closer to the percentage of the same category that was in Italy in 2000. To sum up, all above there will be more middle-aged people in Yemen, and Italy is likely to have less young pepole and more older people.

20)Health is one of the important parts of life and should be in our attention. However, industrialization as another significant part of modern life may damage our health. This issue can be solved by encouraging people (:do:) (do) [to do] sport. Hence, it seems that increasing the number of sport facilities is a part of solving the problem. Some people, however, doubt that it can bring any effect.
21)Summarising all above, we can see that improving the quality of public health should be done by increasing both the opportunities and the willingness. Otherwise, money would be wasted and people would continue (:be:) (be) [to be] sick. 

22)There are different views on problems of sport and health. Some people say that the best way to improve public health is to increase the number of sport facilities. For good understanding of this view, I want to give an example. In our community, became more and more people who try to be in a good form, and they go to various fitness clubs (:for getting:) (get) [to get] a perfect body, it means, that we need more and more sport facilities, (optional) because there is a big amount of demand for them.
23)The first group of people supposes that new sport facilities promote a healthy lifestyle and motivate children (:doing:) (do) [to do] sports. Sports objects is a great tool in the fight against obesity, which causes a lot of diseases. People think that sport helps to build a good immune protection. 

24)To sum up, in my own view it is needed not only (:making:) (make) [to make] everybody do sports, but to develop individual ways of improving health. Probably, some projects should be organized, which would provide different people making themselves healthier in different ways, provide individual program of improvement and self-development to each who would want to. The programs, which would include not only training but choosing a meal program and so on.

25)In the there are many different points of view about how (:improve:) (improve) [to improve] people`s health. Some individuals believe that the most effective way is to increase the amount of sport facilities in the country, but others think that it would have no effect and the should find other ways. Let us think about these two opinions.

26)Most people think that the best way to improve the health of people is by increasing the number of sports facilities. I agree with this opinion, because any sports activity is a good thing for the health of populations. The sport helps people (:be:) (be) [to be] always fit, muscular, and it helps people to have a beautiful and good body. I swim, and so I can speak that sport gives only useful things for people's health. The sport  improves people's lives.
27)However, there is a point of view that increasing the number of sports facilities would have little effect on public health. I think that it is partially true, because a lot of sport exercises can have a bad influence the health of people. If people have huge a passion (:to doing:) (do) [to do] sport, than they can forget about their health.

28)We dream about being happy. Nevertheless, people often do not know how to achieve happiness. I think that it is impossible to say what factors are important in achieving happiness because every person (:wants:) (want to) [wants to] be happy in his own personal way. According to some experts, the concept of happiness in different countries depends on the level of life and opportunities for people to realize themselves. As for me, the main factor for achieving happiness is having a and friends, who love and support you.

29)Everybody knows that happiness is (:considered:) (consider) [considered to be] very important in life. In my opinion, it is true. There are many researches about linking happiness and effectiveness.
30)Nevertheless, there are some stereotypes about the success, but it has nothing (:against:) (do) [to do] with the happiness. Somebody consider that the main goal in their life is creating a family, others think it is a good job. As for me, I suppose, happiness is not an, it is a feeling of freedom, love or looking after your child.
31)Every person tries to ' his or her happiness during the whole life. For the majority of people it’s their goal to to feel happy at least for once and (:have:) (have) [to have] an opportunity to say it proudly. However, all of them face the problem of defining happiness for themselves. In my point of view, it can be connected with some factors.

32)Firstly, the world doesn’t stop at one place and the humanity is always in the process of developing and improving – that’s why there is always something new appearing. With it, more and more desirable things are included into the list of what can make a person really happy. People’s choice is limitless for this reason, and it is sometimes very difficult for them to choose an appropriate and a way (:to:) (find) [find] happiness, and this, by turn, can cause mistakes.

33)But art has become a method of making yourself famous, and when artists run out of creative ideas they do anything (:get:) (get) [to get] a piece of fame. It even comes to vandalizm and hurting other people’s feelings.

34)However, Mayakovskiy, whose works, I think, are not better Gumileve’s ones, wrote a lot. That was happened because the government had decided so. It was not fair not to give Gumilev a right to write and (:giving:) (give) [to give] that opportunity to others.

35)In my opinion, the best way to improve the people health is taking a complex of measures which would have an effect on people. these measures will include sports facilities, healthy food and decrease of air pollution. In addition, I think that only increasing the number of sports facilities can help (:improve:) (improve) [to improve] public health only in short run. But in a long run it will not lead to expected result.

36)On the other side, there are a lot of people who think, that it is not possible and people will smoke and drink more than earlier. So, in my opinion these people do not try to do anything in their life. They see only the side, they do not try (:do:) (do) [to do] the best and find a or groups of people who think the same.

37)In conclusion I want to say, that we need to do sport, because it helps us to live longer and we need (:have:) (have) [to have] healthy children who will also do different activities, Try to find yourself in different kinds of sport and be the best.

38)Moreover, improving public health is force many people to do it, but they do not want do it. For example, many companies can took initiative and ask their staff to attend sport center or swimming pool and it can be caused to bad work, because people will be unmotivated their work. Also, some people can not do sport because their health does not allow them (:do:) (do) [to do] it, but when they will know about new sports facilities sick people will be sad.

39)First of all, sometimes artists can open the truth about people's daily problems, like traffic in big cities and others. Also, they can tell people about their vision of political problems and help people (:find:) (find) [to find] a way to resolve these problems. Many people were encouraged by poems and images for great actions.

40)Nowadays education is one of the most important parts of everyone’s lives, especially of young generations. Unfortunately, not every student agrees to study in a proper way and don’t (:follow:) (follow) [to follow] the rules of the educational process. To my mind, there are some reasons of this a solutions to solve this problem. I’d like to describe some of them.

41)The chart provides information about the number of the UK residents who prefer to make journeys in Turkey, Greece< USA, Spain and France, and illustrates the most popular countries for visit, and about the number of the UK visitors who prefer (:go:) (go) [to go] abroad, and the number of overseas visitors, why prefer to go to the.

42)	Taking a closer look at the data we way notice, that during 1979 and 1999 the amount of British people, who traveled rose, especially between 1984 and 1999, when there was a high surge in numbers and comparing with the 1979 it increased twofolds. Besides we can see a raise in the numbers of those, who visited the UK during this period, but all in all it wasn’t so remarkable as the amount of UK’s travelling abroad. Moreover, while the France and Spain were the most famous among the British in 1999 and comparing to each other they have almost similar data, Turkey (:has:) (be) [is] the most unpreferable country for the UK's.

43)Does not matter is it advantage or disadvantage, but my classmates, my best friend and teachers make my character, even, when I am already an adult. Secondly, if research is true, should we isolate children of assasins or theaves, even because their parents were criminals? Every person has chance to make choice, so for much children it is (:follow:) (follow) [to follow] their parent’s example or not. Another point of view is that our life achievements do not depend on our born characteristics to do what we wants in this life.

44)But everybody needs some rest and a little refreshment. At school it can be art classes like painting and drawing. And it is not so pointless (:making:) (make) [to make] children who lack artistic talent do it. 

