1)I decided to write in English, because I realised today that I have problems with expressing myself in English "on the go", and I thought that if I switched to English in my personal mail, it could probably help me... Or maybe not.. maybe I (:get:) (will get) [will get] bored soon.

2)To sum up, there have been certain changes in the numbers of people working in different sectors. The most dramatic changes can be seen in the technology sector, although each sector had experienced changes. Different age groups (:prefer:) (prefer) [preferred] different occupations.

3)The argument in favor of the opinion that for children it is better to learn language at early an early age would be that at this age  their memory is open to new information. Children at early age (:took:) (take) [take] information better than when they become older. Also, I strongly stick to the view that when a child grows up in the atmosphere where people speak foreign language they will easily remember new words and understand their meanings. Nevertheless, there can be some situations when children do not understand the importance of such learning and in this case it can be a can of worms.

4)The table demonstrates the information regarding the number of people of different age who (:work:) (work) [worked] in certain spheres in the UK in the period of time from 1998 to 2006.

5)A closer look at the table reveals that there is a tendency of decrease in the numbers of people working almost in all sectors, except technology. Interestingly,  all the numbers in the area of technology rose. Moreover, the biggest number of workers, which is 454375, (:has been registrated:) (be register) [was registered] in this sphere in 2006. The significant surge in numbers was also seen among people from 26 to 35 in technology. The number there had changed by 2006 to about seven times as many workers - from 63889 to 454375.

6)The table compares the number of people at the age from 18 to 65 working in certain sectors in the UK in 1998 and 2006. The number of people working in technology (had) rapidly increased in each age group, especially in the youngest group of respondents at the age from 18 to 25. On the contrary, the sphere of building was not so popular as technology: they lost people in each age group. The sphere of hotels & catering became more attractive for people older than 26 years: the number of people in this sphere (:decrease:) (decrease) [decreased] only in the youngest group of respondents.
7)On the contrary, the sphere of building was not so popular as technology: they lost people in each age group. The sphere of hotels & catering became more attractive for people older than 26 years: the number of people in this sphere decreased only in the youngest group of respondents. And in the final group presenting people working in education, the situation (:is:) (be) [was] not good: only people at the age from 26 to 45 decreased.

8)At primary school it is easier to learn something new. Moreover, children's mind is more flexible and they can learn the right accent and grammar faster than older people. For instance, scientists (:proved:) (have prove) [have proved] that children under the age of 12 can be taught almost everything because of the qualities of their minds. Furthermore, if a foreign language was learned before 12 years old, the person can become bilingual. 

9)On the other hand, the study of a foreign language is a hard work, especially for children. Sometimes you really need great efforts to study, for example, grammar or another difficult part of language. Also, many children (:are loosing:) (lose) [lose] their interest in foreign language 3 months after the beginning.

10)In 1998 the biggest group in hotel or catering sector of people was presented by people whose age was from 18 to 25 years, and the smallest group in this sector are people whose age was from 56 to 65 years, but in 2006 year the situation in this sector changed. The biggest group in this sector now consisted people whose age was from 36 to 45 year. The number of such people (:are:) (be) [was] 21303 and the smallest group in this sector in 2006 was made up by people from 56 to 65 years; this fact illustrates that the smallest group in this sector both in 1998 and 2006 years are people whose age was 56 years to 65 years.

11)On the other hand, foregein language can start annoying people if they (:learned:) (have be learn) [have been learning] it since primary school.

12)The table illustrates the changes in proportions of people (:working:) (who work) [who worked] in the difference sectors of the UK economics. It shows how the number of people had changed from 1998 to 2006 within the five age groups.

13)As it is shown by the table, the most significant increase of the number of people happened in the technology sphere. Young people from 18 to 25 years old is prefer to do work connected with new technology, the amount of such people (:has rocketed:) (increase) [increased] in about 36 times less then for 10 years. 

14)In contrast, hotel and catering sphere (:become:) (become) [became] less popular for the youngsters; it is the only sector, where the number of people had decreased from 1998 to 2006.

15)Also, among five different types of qualifications, skilled vocational diploma had the largest proportion of all the males, involved in all the qualifications. What is more, in having master's degree and postgraduate diploma the share of males was also higher, than that of females: 70% and 60% respectively. However, there (:exists:) (exist) [existed] two types of education, where the of women exceeded the of men. In 1999, about 70% of women received undergraduate diploma, which was the biggest gender difference in number for females among all the types of qualifications. Moreover, the of women, who achieved bachelor's degree was also higher than men's percentage, but it has decreased in comparison to the percentage of people who had undergraduate diploma: from 70% to about 52%.

16)The charts illustrate the changes between the ages of the population in two countries: Italy and Yemen, in two 'periods' of time: 2000 and 2050. We can see that children and teenagers (people from 0 to 14) in both 'countries' are going to lose their position in the proportion of 'the'by 2050. And elderly people (:have:) (will have) [will have] a bigger proportion in 2050 than they had in 2000 in Italy and Yemen. The differences between the Italy and Yemen is that in Yemen the number of people from 15 to 59 years old is rising and in Italy this number is declining.
17)Also the division of subjects into «male» and «female» ones is quite ridiculous as it doesn’t consider the talents of each given individual. If a man wants to be a poet or a designer or a teacher it doesn't mean thatt he will grow up (:to be:) (be) [being] less masculine, in the same fashion as the woman who chooses to study engineering or mathematics doesn’t lose her femininity. Everyone should be able to follow their dream and the choice of a faculty is the first step towards its realisation.

18)In the past universities were only for male students. But in the 20th century opened univerisites for female students. Now all students (:studies:) (be study) [are studying] together. In all subjects we can see equal proportion of male and female.

19)The main argument of opponents would be that balanced proportion of males and females in a subject will allow to create a balanced society with differentiation of labour. However, I believe that natural proportions can help to see trends in students’ choices. Moreover, they (:would:) (will) [will] be able to realize their potential in a sphere they want. So students can spend their time doing things they are good at.
20)The graph below illustrates different percentage of people, that (:were:) (be) [are] 65 years old and older, in 3 countries - Japan, Sweden and the USA. The results are provided in a proportion, that has been analysed since 1940.

21)The graph below illustrates different percentage of people, that (:were:) (be) [are] 65 years old and older, in 3 countries - Japan, Sweden and the USA. The results are provided in a proportion, that has been analysed since 1940.

22)The main argument against the universities, which want to take the equal amount of students of both sexes, is that different job suits different sex. For example, in fashion sphere there always was more woman rather than man. If we look at the fashion magazine editor team, we (:see:) (will see) [will see] that most of them are women. So for fashion and design faculties there is no benefit to provide places for both, males and females, just because there would not be enough amount of male students. The same we see in technological or IT sphere, in which traditionally more men are involved.

23)First of all, the proportion of population aged 54 and over in Japan is noticeably different than in other countries. From 1940 till 1960 the percentage of older people (:fall:) (fell) [fell] down from 5% to 4%, after that until 1990 year it did not change, then slowly increases by 2030. It’ll stop at 10 percent of age group in Japan, after this scientists believe that prolortion will rapidly increase from 10 percent to 26 percent during the last ten years.

24)The campaign for women rights (:has started:) (start) [started] many years ago. One of the right, that women have gained through struggle, is the right to study in academic institutions. This victory of human rights should now provide universities with equal number of places for male and female students.

25)The first hight that needs  to be said is that the majority of people  think that creative artists must have big talant and they have created ideas. Therefore they (:made:) (make) [make] wonderful pictures, fantastic music and great films, say beautiful phrases and words. The beautiful and creative things made good mood and people  become happy. This is main cause of freedom in work of creative artists.
26)And in this step of history people create a similar kinds of arts. Also, people who have a freedom on create always change our life. For example, leonardo Da Vinci, famous engeneer, painter and philosopher (:create:) (have create) [has created] a new kind of painting and improved the rules of painting.

27)There are many creative and individual people who create different art objects, make films and (:developed:) (develop) [develop] art industry. For this the people need to have a freedom in their work. But in the yet time the government must be spyed on the all country, because it is his work.

28)In my opinion, government should be was interested in creative artists. Meanwhile, we live in modern world and in this world (:including:) (include) [includes] free word expression, people must pay attention for stuff produced by creative artists, because this information from films, music or pictures may be wrong and bring abnormal idea. However, sometimes these artists bring for us interesting and unusial ideas. Thanks to these people who make this unusial ideas and thoughts.

29)On the other hand, such activities as paintings and pictures, writing articles or books should be (:do:) (do) [done] according to the laws of the country, because they can destroy the ideas of other people. In addition, bad things should not be showed to children or religious people, for example recently groups of women has sung the song against the government in the church and has destroyed the ideas of religious people, who have been there.

30)Personally, I think that only a family can make a really huge contribution to (:improving:) (improve) [improve] national health. A person, who knows from the birth, why it is important to lead active lifestyle, eat various food and avoid junk food, can always find an opportunity to do sport, even if there are not enough sport facilities.

31)In the beginning, people will be healthier if they are keen on sports, that is why opportunities to be involved in these kinds of activity are necessary for everybody. Moreover, diversity of sport sections attracts a lot of people and it can have positive influence on lifestyle of the majority of citizens. Changes of the way of living are impossible without avarage persons, who will not (:try doing sports:) (try to do) [try to do] only by themselves.

32)The percentage of travelers from and to UK rised from 1979 to 1999. In 1979 there were about 10 million people in both categories. However, between 1984 and 1989 the situation had changed and the percentage of UK residents who (:visit:) (visit) [visited] other countries rose rapidly. There were about 50 million people in 1999. And for UK residents the most popular country in that year was France, there were about 11 million people who visited it from the UK, however, about 2 millions people visited Turkey. 

33)Overall, after mid 80s the numbers for both visits to and from the UK started to grow. Most UK residents (:visit:) (visit) [visited] European countries such as France and Spain, but the USA was also popular.

34)The situation started to change and in the mid 80s about 20 million of UK residents visited places outside the country. After that both numbers of visits to and from the UK started to grow rapidly. By the end of year 1999 about 55 million of UK residents (:were traveling:) (travel) [travelled] abroad and more than 25 million of people visited UK. 

35)It is slowly rose and by 1999 it was approximately 26 million people. In 1979 12 million people traveled abroad from the UK. It rose as slowly as the number of visits of people who came to the UK but in 1999 the number of visits to other countries was 52 million. The most popular country whichUK residents visited in 1999 was France (11 million). On the second place we can see Spain that (:have bee visited:) (be visit) [was visited] by 9 million of UK visitors.
36)Overall, travel to and from the UK became popular: visits from UK rose to 52 and visit to UK rose to 26. The most popular country in 1999 was France, which (:have been visited:) (be visit) [was visited] by 11 million of UK visitors.

37)So, what we can do with this problem? I understand that technologies (:are:) (be be) [are being] improved every day and we cannot do anything about it. But we can organize students` activities: we should go for a walk, read books. We should help our children to improve their their mental potential”.
38)The graphs illustrate, how many people from the UK travelled abroad and what countries they (:prefer:) (prefer) [preferred] to visit. Moreover, we can see how many people visited to the UK. The period is from 1979 to 1999.

39)According to the first graph,the number of British people who (:travel:) (travel) [travelled] to other countries was bigger than the number of overseas peoplewho visited the UK. In 1979 year both numbers were almost on the same level, however, in 1999 the number of visits abroad by UK residents was higher than the number of visits to the UK by overseas residents.

40)A more detailed look at the graph reveals that both the numbers of travels to and from the UK (:were increasing:) (increase) [increased] in the 20 years between 1979 and 1999. However, the visits to foreign countries were much more common starting with nearly 13 million people reaching 54 million people at the end of the period. The number of visits made to the UK also increased, yet the rise was much slower.
41)Moreover, older people are able to try to be more kind with students. However, teachers should always make a lealance between kind behaviour and strict behaviour. In addition, it seems to be a good idea to organise some hobby groups in schools where teenagers can go and communicate with each other, where they (:are:) (will be) [will be] able to do something together or to tell somebody about their problems. Thanks to such groups students can avoid stress, consequently, they will be more kind.

42)The first chart shows the number of travelers to and from the UK by the period of 1979-1999; the second bar chart (:give:) (give) [gives] information about the most popular countries visited by UK residents in 1999.

43)The first chart is a line graph, which illustrates the difference between number of UK residents going abroad and overseas residents coming to the UK from 1979 to 1999. Although the beginning of the chart is quite the same – 10 and 12 million people respectively, by 1999 the line of UK citizens had risen just under twice as high as the second line with 53 and 25 million respectively. 1979 there (:is:) (be) [was] a lowest point, while 1999 was the highest pick. 

44)Overall, it is clear that the number of incoming visitors (:outweigh:) (outweigh) [outweighed] the number of UK residents visited overseas with a huge distance. By 1999 there was the highest travelers` arrival among of which the number of France visitors was the biggest

45)Overall, the number of visits made both by UK residents abroad and by overseas residents to the United Kingdom experienced an upward trend. A closer look at the graph reveals that the number of UK tourists going on a trip to a foreign country (:has:) (have) [had] almost threefored, while the number of overseas residents coming to Great Britain had more than doubled.

46)The charts provide information concerning the number of people who took (:travel:) (travel) [travelled] to the UK and about UK residents who travelled abroad, as well as about the most visited countries.

47)Concerning the solutions I do suppose that educational system actually (:already uses:) (have already use) [has already used] a lot of good methods. For example, I think that what we call “parents` gathering” may be a good way to let parents know about their child’s behaviour and make them try to improve this situation. I would also suggest to let students choose educational courses in the beginning of the academic year.
48)From the first graph it can be seen that the number of overseas residents was about 10 millions and approximately 12.5 millions of the UK residents strongly jumped to 30 millions and continued to grow up reaching about 53 millions in 1999. At the same time the number of visits to the UK by overseas residents (:start:) (start) [started] to increase and got to about 28 millions in 1999. From the second graph we can see most popular countries visited by UK residents in 1999.
49)To sum up, travelling (:has became:) (become) [became] popular for UK residents and overseas residents, and the most popular place for visiting by UK residenresidents was France.

50)The charts illustrate how many citizens of the United Kingdom travelled around the world, and how many foreigners visited the United Kingdom and where British people (:prefer:) (preffered) [preffered] to go.

51)Touching upon the theme of solutions I personally support the idea of formation of classes where pupils with equal abilities can study. Some schools in Europe and Russia have recently started up such type of a program. I think that they (:prooved:) (have prove) [have proved] the success of such programmes. The conflicts have become a much more rare event. Moreover, I support a point of view that strict rules of behaviour at classes, rules about being late at classes are not really needed.
52)The charts provide information about the quantity of people who (:travel:) (travel) [travelled] to and from the UK and about countries which were the most popular among UK residents. 

53)The number of visits abroad by UK residents instantly grew by 40 million over the period from 1979 to 1999. The most popular countries in 1999, when the quantity of travelers from the UK to other countries (:reach:) (reach) [reached] the peak, was France. The second place in 1999 went to Spain, which was visited approximately  by 10 million. The less popular country in 1999 was Turkey, less than 2 million residents visited it.

54)However, while US residents tended to go abroad, the number of visits to the UK was about 30 million. Nevertheless, comparing the graph and the bar chart, it becomes clear that the highest point of visits to the UK (:is:) (be) [was] about 30 million while the highest point of UK residents visited France was about 10 millions which makes a great difference.

55)As for me, I (:could:) (can) [can] call the family as the main reason. If a child is not taught to act the right way, he or she will not understand what are the reasons of punisment or anger. Also, problems with behaviour may be connected with teenagers’ desire to go against the system, to stand their ground despite any troubles, even if they are not right.
56)The first chart shows us information about travellers from the UK who travelled abroad and travelers from overseas who (:visit:) (visit) [visited] the UK. The second chart provides the information about the most popular countries which UK residents prefer visiting.

57)Firstly, it's evident that more than 80% of men had a skilled vocational diploma whereas only 10% of women had such qualification. It demonstrates the willingness of men to continue their education. But the distribution between the sexes in the choice of Bachelor's degree shows the almost equal ratio of men and women who had this degree. On the contrary, there was a significant divergence in getting postgraduate qualification and Master's degree between males and females. More than 50% of men (:have:) (have) [had] these academic diplomas as well while the precentage of women who had the same degree is lower than 40%.
58)An example of this fact might be a film showing governmental corruption or political manipulations. However, such a film can make influence on citizens' attitudes to the country, not on the political leaders' ratings. On the other hand, there is an opinion that artists should do all that they want to express themselves, and the government cannot stop their actions because it (:is:) (would be) [would be] a restriction of their freedom. For example, a group of artists want to make an installation; however, the government is going to forbid it. On the one hand, the artists can ask for permission to avoid this problem.
59)The graph illustrates the proportions of different types of post-school qualifications in Australia got by men and women in 1999. As we can see, only 10% of people who held skilled vocational diploma were women and 90% were men. Besides, 70% of people with undergraduate diploma were women and the rest 30% were men. The quantities of men and women with bachelor's degree were pretty the same: 55% (:are:) (be) [were] women and 45% were men.
60)The chart presents the proportions of males and females in who got different kinds of education in 1999 in Australia. There are no equal percentage in amounts of males and females concerning taking each degree. The case, that is the closest to the equilibrium is the one with - 55 per cent of females and 45% of males took it. There are no more diplomas or degrees, which put these two groups into the same proportions. A sharp contrast can be seen concerning skilled vocational diploma - only 10% of females (:prefer:) (prefer) [preferred] to take it, it is mainly males' category - the proportion of of them is 90%.
61)At the same time, it is the least common qualification among men. Skilled vocational diploma is the least common one among women. Overall, according to the bar chart, male gender was the one that (:can:) (could) [could] be considered as more qualified than female one in Australia in 1999.

62)It is also can be seen from the figure that approximately equal percentages of both men and women gained bachelor's degree. But an overall trend shows us that significant number of men tried to improve their qualification and got postgraduate diploma and master's degree. So, the percentages of such men (:achieve:) (achieve) [achieved] 70 and 60 percent respectively. All in all, we can notice some tendencies. Women prefer to hold the undergraduate diploma and bachelor's degree and then a lot of them are ready to stop and pay their attention mostly not to education but, as it could be considered, to their children and households.
63)However, the situation changes concerning Bachelor's degree, where the percentages of both sexes are almost equal and are about 50 percent. Needless to say that there is a similar point in the higher education there are men represents more percentage. The amount of men who got postgraduate diploma in 1999 in Australia (:reach:) (reach) [reached] the point of 70%. Whereas the percentage of women slowly decreases from 55 per cent in Bachelor's degree to only 30 percent in postgraduate diploma level. Overall, we can see that higher education was more popular among men in 1999 whereas women were more succesful at the general educational level.

64)The graph illustrates the ranges of male and female post-school qualifications in Australia in 1999. We can see from the chart that the percentage of females who had a skilled vocational diploma was extremely low, it was about 10 per cent, while around 90% of males had this diploma. A similar trend is observed with postgraduate diploma and master's degree. More men than women (:have:) (have) [had] these documents: the proportion was 30% of females to 70% of males for postgraduate diploma and 40% of the former to 60% of the latter for master's degree.
65)The number of women who acquired an undergraduate diploma was twice as big as the number of men who did it. Meanwhile, the percentage of females with bachelor's degree was slightly higher than the percentage of such males: women made up 55% and men constituted only 45%. To sum up, there (:is:) (be) [was] a trend that women had the majority in owning an undergraduate diploma and bachelor's degree, while men mainly had skilled vocational and postgraduate diplomas and master's degree. 

66)Let’s start with charity. Well, this is a very hard problem to solve, because in our world there (:would:) (will) [will] always be people who have some deseases or genetic malfunction, so they will need our help or our money. Let’s speak about ways of earning money. A lot of people just take pictures of their “problem” and sit on the floor and ask for money.
67)It`s possible to say that public health is suffering. Some people say, that the solution to the problem is increasing the number of sport facilities. However, others suppose it (:has:) (would have) [would have] little effect, and other measures are required. 

68)Moreover, the opponents say, that sport facilities as just objects cannot help people, because they do not know the rules of the game, special skills and etc. Setting facilities requires appointing special people, who can explain and train people, but due to the free access. Such people (:have:) (will have) [will have] to be paid by the government, and that will be too expensive.

69)In conclusion, I should say, that if people do not want to do something, in our case do sport, different facilities (:do:) (will) [will] not help to improve public health. Moreover, the government should create some programmmes that will motivate the society. 

70)And the last share 3,6% is comprised from people older than 60 years old. Prosentages for these groups in Italy are 61,6% and 24,1%. As for the predictions for Yemen for 2050, they (:will be:) (be) [are] rather optimistic, because the central age group (15-59) will be about 57,3% of all the population. The percentages for children and old people are 37% and 5,7%. As for Italy, the percentage of people from 15 to 59 years old will be decreased to 46,2%.
71)It can lead to injuries, and then people can die. It would be more useful if people will try to improve the medicine the best. Also, if ecology pollution (:is decrease:) (will be decrease) [will be decreased], people will become healthier. The government shoud care about people. It should prepare a lot of programmes for improving public health.
72)In conclusion, both countries ought to improve their birth rates of fertility, another way they will face the problem of overcrowding by retired people and (:not having:) (will not have) [will not have] enough new labour force. The governments are able to change the situation by giving some incentives to the people of both both more or just at the retirement age.

73)At the first glance, it is clear that in every country except for Yemen in 2000 the majority of the population consists of people from 15 to 59 years old. As for Yemen, there is some significant changes over the 50 years period. Particularly, the percentage of the generation aged from 15 to 59 is predicted to grow by just above 10 percent, whereas it is expected that the share of children not older than 14 years old (:dramatically reduce:) (will dramatically reduce) [will dramatically reduce] from about 50 percent to 37. The number of retired people will not change significantly.

74)Nowadays, there are a lot of discussions about public health health, and people always argue about the methods of its improving. Some people believe that it is better to provide more sport activities. Others think that this way (:has not:) (will not have) [will not have] a lot of impact, and other things should be done.

75)The given pie charts show the percentage of people of different ages based on the information about 2000 and the predictions for 2050. It can clearly be seen as we look at all 4 diagrams that the population in both countries (:will be getting:) (will get) [will get] older. The percentage of kids and teenagers will gradually go down in Italy and will have a more rapid regression in Yemen. The Italy's population was already quite older than Yemen's one in 2000.
76)There is a difference in statistics in Italy. The chart shows that in 2000 the biggest part of the population were 15-59 years old, and the other two groups (:shares:) (share) [shared] about a third part. In 2050, there is a projected growth in the population of 60+ years old people. This part of the society will be doubled, there is practically no big change in the number of 0-14 years old people, so that might mean, that life duration in Italy will be increased. 

77)Othes do not think so, because it has little effect on our health. Is it true or false? We (:try:) (will) [will] to answer a bit later. 

78)Furthermore, to become stronger you should have some diet, if you do not, no sport facilities can help you. On the other hand, without a huge number of sport facilities, you cannot find a sport, which you like and which is more useful for you. So, people (:will not doing:) (will not be do) [will not be doing] sport well, and then they will get bad results. Another reason of the small effect is a schedule. Your sports activity should be regular, and at one time.
79)On the one hand, these efforts will bring enough of success in changing people`s health in a better way. For example, scientists (:proved:) (have prove) [have proved] that running for about twoorthree times a week could lead to increasing their ability to work on difficult things more longer and improve the state of health in the whole body. Moreover, people, who do sport activities at least two times a week live longer than others.

80)I (:believed:) (believe) [believe], that people should sometimes do sport even if it seems hard for them, because it improves not only health, but also internal feelings. Besides, they should combine sport with some kind of a healthy diet and necessarily have time for relax. If they follow such simple rules, they will feel themselves better.

81)Secondly, we should compare this data with the projections for 2050. It can be observed, that the number of people aged from 15 to 59 years old will be more in Yemen (57,3% from common number) and only 46,2% in Italy. At the same time, the number of old people in Italy (:will have:) (have) [has] a trend to increase and in 2050 it will be approximately equal to the number of people in the middle-aged group (42,3%). The percentage  of children will be quite small: only 11,5% Vice versa, their percentage in Yemen will be quite large (37%), if we compare these countries.

82)In Yemen, there were many children  in 2000 year, about 50 per cent. In 50 years the population of this area will be so different. In Yemen, the part  of children is going to decrease, but the other parts will be increased in number. And in Italy, the oldest people cegment (:is:) (will) [will] increase by 18 per cent, but the other ones will be decreased (the number of children will be equal to 3 per cent and the number of middle-aged people will be equal to 15 per cent).

83)The first point of view is based on the opinion, that sports has a good influence on health. Of course, it is true. If somebody (:doing:) (do) [does] sports, he becomes stronger, feels himself younger, ills rarely and so on. Most of sportsmen don`t use any harmful things, Such as Alcohol, cigarettesand drugs. All these things show, that if the number of sport facilities will increase, more and more people will do sports, and there will be a growth of the quality of public health.

84)There are three gaps of years: from the birth to 14, from 15 to 59 and 60 and above. In 2000, Yemen was a country with huge amounts of young people which number is predictable to reduce in 2050 by almost on 13 per cent. At the same time, in 2000 the number of people aged under 14 years old in Italy was only 14,3% while the biggest share (:contains:) (cointained) [cointained] people from 15 to 59 years old. The projections for 2050 show that the amount of the elder will raise, and the percentage of people under 59 years old will reduce. In 2000, the number of young people in Yemen was at least in three times bigger in amount than this number in Italy, it remains so in 2050.
85)Some people say that the best way to improve public health is to increase the number of sport facilities. For good understanding of this view, I want to give an example. In our community, became more and more people who try to be in a good form, and they go to various fitness clubs to get a perfect body, it means, that we need more and more sport facilities, (optional) because there is a big amount of demand for them. But there is a bad side of it, for example, men and women start drinking various drugs for increasing their strength, and after that their level of health (:become:) (be become) [is becoming] lower. other people, however, say that this would have a little effect on the quality of public health, and that other measures are required.
86)Firstly, if the government will spend all the budget on - sports facilities, then people (:have:) (will have) [will have] no choice but to do it. This is not the best way to encourage people to stand up from their computer tables, but in my opinion it will work. Some people, who live in the country far away from a city center, cannot allow themselves to go to the swimming pool, for example, because in order to get there, they have to have much money in their pocket.
87)In Yemen, in 50 years the amount of people of 15-59 years old will be increased significantly (by 7%). The amount of people older than 60 years old (:is:) (will be) [will be] increased slightly (by 2,1%). The amount of people of 0-14 years old at the same time is decreased by 13,1%.
88)The amount of people older than 60 years old will be increased slightly (by 2,1%). The amount of people of 0-14 years old at the same time is decreased by 13,1%. In Italy, there is a different situation, the amount of people of 15-59 years old will be decreased by 15,4%, also the amount of people of 0-14 years old will be decreased by 2,8%. And the amount of people older than 60 60 years old (:is:) (will be) [will be] rised by 18,2%. Thus, the number of people of 15-59 years is the largest part of the population.
89)In my opinion, increasing the number of sports facilities is a right thing, so that children and teenagers (:have:) (will have) [will have] all the opportunities for a healthy life.

90)However, Russia in 2014 (:organisating:) (have organizated) [has organizated] winter Olympic and Paralympic Games, and as statistic data shows, the quantity of people, who want to be healthy increases. And the Russian Federation has decided to build sport objects in other cities of the country.

91)(:Compare:) (Comparing) [Comparing] the`s age in Yemen, it is clearly seen that scientists predict that there will be an increase in than half of the 15-59 years old and decrease in the number of children aged from 0 to 14 years old on nearly 13%. The situation in Italy is absolutely different. In Italy there is a decrease in the number of 15-59 years old people, which makes the ' increase for approximately 18%.
92)For instance, there will be a huge diversity of kinds of sports. And it will surely help anyone to find a suitable sport. And unfortunately, it is the only advantage I (:found:) (find) [find] in this policy.

93)As for as Italy, there is the percentage of the group of “15-59 years old” (:was:) (will) [will] decline by 2050 on about 15,4%. In the group “0-14 years old” there will be no increase by 2050, this group has a downward trend (falls on 3%). A greater rise in percentage is seen in groop “60+ years old” (rises in about 2 times).

94)The suggestion that the quality of public health (:gets:) (be get) [is getting] worse and worse day to day is gaining popularity. Some people believe that the problem lies in the little number of sports activities. On the other hand; some people are sure that there are other strong factors which are expected to change our life in a better way.
95)To be a sportsman or not complenty depended on minds of people. And first of all, we should try to change our minds. If people would want to become sportsmen, after this they (:find:) (will find) [will find] oportunity by themselves. And we should think about another opportunity to increase the health of the population; for example, the government could increase the number of hospitals in the towns.

96)From my point of view, increasing the number of sports facilities (:improve:) (will improve) [will improve] public health. But I think that people must change their attitude on doing sport. Instead of doing this with passion, people must choose time for doing sport exercises.

97)I rather agree than disagree with this point of view. Because, sport helps to keep fit and also develops physical abilities. For example, when you (:running:) (run) [run], you breath oxygen that helps your body not to have serious problems with heart. Besides, nowadays it is common to use bicycles. It is such a sport, which helps your feet.
98)Because people would use car less, and we would breath a fresh air. Furthermore, almost in every hostel there is a sport club, where you can meet with new people. As a result, you will have a good mood and (:do:) (will) [will] not have serious problems with your mind.

99)Secondly, some people train too hard in sport clubs. As a result, they can have a serious problems with bodies. So, I think I (:prove:) (have prove) [have proved] that sport has not little effect on public health, however, there are negative and only positive effects. In conclusion, I would like to say that, naturally sport plays an important part in our life, but it is up for everyone to decide whether to use or not to use sport in real life. But we should not forget about other methods, which can help improve our health.

100)The number of old people in the USA (:gradually increased:) (have gradually increase) [had gradually increased] from 1940 to 1980, and in 1980 it was about 15%. Then, there has been a slight drop, which is expected until 2020. (in 2020 it will be 13%).
101)There was a different situation with the amount of old population in Japan. From 1940 to 1990 it (:decreased:) (have be decrease) [had been decreasing] gradually (to 3% in 1990), and then it started to rise slightly and will reach 10% in 2030. After that, there will be a very sharp growth and in 2040 the proportion of old-age people will be 27%.

102)a person will not think about problems; he will be reaching his aim without doubts. On the other hand, we may say that people all over the world pursuit happiness, and this pursuit is their aim already. Just imagine if a already (:reached:) (have already reach) [has already reached] happiness, how many near things he would try to achieve.

103)The third factor is love and family. I can not see them without combination. Love (:is giving:) (give) [gives] aims and power to people.

104)As the pie chart shows that 52,5% of electricity is used for heating, which is most amount of elecricity used, we can see why winter is a more elecricity-demanding season than summer. The line graph shows the lowest demand for electricity during early morning hours and then it reaches it’s highest postition in the evening, as people tend to use more electricity in the evenings for heating rooms, for lighting, TV when they come home from work. Although, during the period between 16 to 21 hours in summers there’s a slight drop (:comparing:) (compare) [compared] to winter, where the graph gradialy grows.

105)From my point of view, the word ‘happiness’ is difficult to define because it is closely connected with each person's conditions of life, his system of relations and with his culture. For instance, there is no word ‘happiness’ in primitive societies and in case American or European people (:try:) (try) [tried] to explain this word to Northern indigenous people, they would fail because for those people ‘happiness’ is a of everyday routine. The have never thought about philosophical aspects of this world.

106)To conclude, society needs happy people because they (:made:) (make) [make] our existense better in many spheres. Nevertheless, the pursuit of happiness is unique for each person, and not everyone knows which path to follow. 

107)Overall, even from the first look, we can spot the great progress of Japan which used to be the worst of these three countries in 2040 and would have managed to become the first by 2040. All in all, all the countries given showed a positive trend in general and they significantly increased the rate of 65 aged people.Looking each of them more precisely, we can see some periods, when this rate was declined. For instance, in Japan the percentage rate of elderly people (:dropped:) (be drop) [was dropping] from 5% to approximately 2,5% from 1940 to 1990, however, after this it became slowly rising and rocketed approximately from 2030 hitting a peak by 2040 at the point of 27%.
108)All in all, all the countries given showed a positive trend in general and they significantly increased the rate of 65 aged people.Looking each of them more precisely, we can see some periods, when this rate was declined. For instance, in Japan the percentage rate of elderly people (:dropped:) (be drop) [was dropping] from 5% to approximately 2,5% from 1940 to 1990, however, after this it became slowly rising and rocketed approximately from 2030 hitting a peak by 2040 at the point of 27%. The curvesbelonged to the USA and Sweden went similarly until 1990, then there was a significant growth of elderly people rate in Swedenwhich fluctuated from 2010 to 2020 and then would continue to rise. In the USA, in turn, there would have been a signification for 40 years (from 1980 to 2020) and then during the last 20 year period there would be a sharp rise. 

109)On the other hand, many people think that this theory is not true and we are born with the same characteristics and (:would:) (will) [will] form our personality only by 21. According to this, everyone's development is closely connected to the environment and especially to the family. Supporters of this theory consider that only 20% of our personality depends on our parents one and a child can inherit only some of their characteristics .
110)It is notably to see that the majority of these underground railway systems opened in a previous century (:except:) (expect) [expected] the subway systems in London (XIX century) and Los Angeles (XXI century). The length of these systems in Paris, Tokyo and Washington DC fluctuates from 100 to 200 kilometres while the longest route is situated in London (394 kilometres). However, the systems of Koyoto and Los Angeles are really short.
111)To begin with, it is well-known that it is possible to predict the behaviour and some intent characteristics from the early years of baby`s life. People can judge about the features of children by their way of playing, communication and etc. Moreover, everybody is born with the specific emotions and intelligence which we develop and qulitively enhance during all the period of life Of course, some characteristics of person will change, take,for instance, responsibility which usually increases with every year of children growing but the main features will never change. Although there is nothing impossible and there are scientist who believe that everything in person (:could be changed:) (can be change) [can be changed] by special  individual methods.

112)Nevertheless, from the very time we (:were:) (be) [are] born we tend to show some specific patterns of behaviour which remain the same during all our lives. What is more, the children often show that they are interested in some spheres in a very early age. It can signal that some personality traits form in the childhood influencing on further life.

113)If, for example: a boy who was born on harm with a strong desire to become a scientist, or an astronaut he (:would:) (will) [will] do everything to achieve his dream and eventually his dream will come true.

114)Thirst of all, we can see that the underground in London was opened in 1863, with 394 kilometres of route and 775 million passengers per year. Then we'll describe Paris, the capital of France, which was opened in 1900, with 119 kilometres of route. Every year 1192 million people (:use:) (use) [used] the underground there. The subway, лучше underground in Tokyo was opened in 1976, with 126 kilometres of route and 144 mill every year. Then goes Kyoto where underground was opened in 1927, with 155 kilometres of route and 1927 million passengers per year.
115)On the other hand, it's really cool if you (:was:) (be) [are] born having many good characteristics. For example, if you can say something and other people can hear you, help you and do what you tell them. But you can stay lazy man.
116)On the other hand, a personwho don't has any significant characteristics but every day he tries to improve himself will have a good future. In comparison to the thirst opinion, the second one (:was:) (be) [is] more powerful, because he is a personwho wont work with brains who will have reasons for improving his life.

117)The graph demonstrates the percentage of population since age 65 in years 1940 and 2040 in the three different countries. As an overall trend, it can be clearly seen that number of old people (:increase:) (have increase) [has increased].

118)The Japanese population aged 65 and over (:starts:) (start) [started] with 5 per cent from whole number of people in the 1940. Then the precentage changed in 1960 and became about 3 per cent. After that the proportion of population  aged 65 and over  people was stable.
119)	Sweden was at stable position during the whole period – it (:repeats:) (repeat) [repeated] cycles of growth  and dicrease of proportion of people older than 65. Firstly, the percentage rose from 7% in 1940 to 9% in 1960 and 13% in 1980, then fell till 12% in 1990, after that rose to 20% in 2010, fell to 18% in 2020, after 2020 we can see a stable fast growth.

120)On the other hand, boys are not so responsible as girls. That is why when students should work in a groups, there are some difficulties with some projects, because boys should do this work more affectively, but they (:are not doing:) (do not do) [do not do] it. But sometimes boys study rather better than girls and they can deal with interesting job, and can get a good marks. 

121)In our days universities (:are talking:) (take) [take] mostly male students to technical institutes and female in nontechnical. Many people dislike this idea. They strongly believe, that in each university should be the same amount of students of both.

122)Nature made man and women different. Men are strong and women are accurate. This is obvious that there is some work that women (:will do:) (do) [do] better than man. For example, work in economical sphere where women do better than men because they are more accurate. The same idiea is correct for universities. 

123)People have a right to know what is happening in the world without hidden facts. We all remember the conflict between Russia and Georgia wich occured not so long ago. The informational war which (:began:) (have begin) [has begun] was going to have a huge impact on Russian status as a peacefull country. Eventually, all the truth came out and we escaped and we escaped another World War. During that period of time everyone was looking for the facts which would help to find out who was right.

124)On the other hand, some people (:said:) (say) [say] that there is no danger in a expression of your own ideas etc. Firstly, we live in a free world and we can do whatever we want, moreover, creating pictures, films, music or novels is a great opportunity to express author's feelings and beliefs. If there is any punishment for that, there will be no freedom.
125)For example, Lady Gaga in her meat-dress. Noone said her that it is wrong, and lots of fans were amazed. In my opinion, it (:was:) (be) [is] a little bit too much freedom, to express yourself it is good, but you should know where to stop.

126)Three of five types of diplomas (:were:) (be) [are] often held by men in Australia in 1999.

127)To sum up, the population of Yemen (:have:) (will have) [will have] more young people and children while the of population of Italy in period from 2000 to 2050 will totally increase from 24,1% to 42,3%.

128)The number of Yemen's young people aged 15-59 years will increase under 58%. However, the number of old people will not rise a lot. By 2050 in Italy (:will increase:) (will have increase) [will have increased] population of old people to 42,3%, while the percentage of other two age groups will have fallen dramatically.

129)It can be easily seen that the amount of people in the age of 15-59 will rise in Yemen in 2050 comparing to 2000. Also it is predicted that people in the age of 60 and more will remain approximately at the same level in 2050 in Yemen. But in Italy number of people in the age of 60+ (:will dramatically increase:) (will have dramatically increase) [will have dramatically increased] by 2050. Amount of people in the age of 15-59 in this country will fall from 61,6% to 46,2%. In Yemen the number of people in the age of 0-14 years will decrease as well as in Italy.

130)Hence, there (:will:) (be) [are] another methods for improving public health. I consider that the government should think about making more medical services. Increasing the number of competent doctors is another way of solving this problem.
131)Overall, the middle-aged group of people aged 15-59 years dominates in both countries. in the 2050, the percentage of this group in Yemen (:was:) (will be) [will be] 57,3 and in Italy will be 46,2.

132)Some people say that if we increase the amount of sport facilities, such a problem will vanish. Well, it is right in some way. For instance, many people are too busy to spend long hours (:to get:) (get) [getting] to any kind of fitness clubs. It means that if the general number of those clubs rises, people will probably visit them more often. Secondly, some people can't afford visiting a fitness clubs due to their high prices.
133)On the other hand, one can say that there are different ways to improve health of modern people. For example, our government should spend more money on growing healthy vegetables and fruits because our food can make us stronger if it does not contain any poisoning substances. Delivery of healthy products to all people is important at present, when approximately all people prefer (:to eat:) (eat) [eating] junk food.

134)So, if we look at the different countries' statistics we can conclude that there's a huge difference in young and old-aged people: on both '2000' is not 'today' chart and projection, there's over than six times more eldery in Italy than in Yemen and over than 3 times more young-aged individuals vice versa. If we compare changes that will probably take place in the future (2050), then one thing (:is being:) (can be) [can be] noticed pretty well: number of people aged sixty and more will have risen at some time in both countries. Here's a probable explanation for such kind of phenomenon: science (especially biology and medicine) research will finally lead mankind to increased life expectancy.

135)There is a discussion between people, who think that people' health will be better after building new sports facilities and people, who think, that it (:does not connect:) (be not connect) [is not connected] with health of population.

136)I can give an example from my own life. My cousin suffered from different diseases in his childhood. So that his parents (:enroll:) (enrol) [enrolled] him to the voleyball section. As a result, he is so strong and never ill now. If parents continue to give some medical treatment, he would stay weakness.
137)If there is a sport club near the person's house, it doesn't mean that the person will desire to care his or her health. People need to be engaded in the sport activity with another ways, too. For example, my mother (:did not want:) (have not want) [had not wanted] to go to the sport centre until her friend agreed to go with her together. Here's another example I read last week. The children did not want to play on the tennis court and came only because they were pressed by their parents.
138)Secondly, we can state another situation in Italy. The quantity of people from 15 to 59 years was bigger then in Yemen in 2000 and (:consist:) (consist) [consisted] 61,1 per cent from all population in Italy in that period. On the other hand, the group people "from 0 to 14 years" was 14,3 per cent and the last group of population, which is named 60-plus, was 24,1 per cent. On the last chart we can or 'recognize' - AmE the age differences of population in Italy.
139)On the other hand, a lot of people do not believe that such a measure can help to improve public health. A lot of people have a possibility to buy a membership card in fitness centres but they do not do it because they are lazy and prefer (:to watch:) (watch) [watching] TV or playing computer games in the evening. In this case, the change in the number of sports facilities will not increase the level of people's health. More than that, new sports options can be rather expensive and, consequently, people will not be able to pay for them.

140)Health problem has always been one of the controversial ones in some way. Governments pay a lot of attention to (:increase:) (increase) [increasing] people's life expectancy and improving the living conditions. One of the measures, that is being taken in many countries, is increasing the number of sport facilities. On the one hand, people consider it to be the best way of improving public health.
141)Unfortunately, some actions, supposed to be effective (:to solve:) (in solve) [in solving] the issue, can be inappropriate. When we are talking about the people who do not appreciate these sports facilities we must understand that it is normal and there will not be enough effect i this case. Some people just cannot do sport or do not want, at least.
142)Some people just cannot do sport or do not want, at least. Consequently, if they do not use the sport facilities, nothing will be improved. In some way, their belief can be true because their thoughts and actions (:are:) (do) [do] straightly affect solving the problem of public health.

143)According to this information we can make a comparisons between two countries. For example, Yemen's population (:have:) (will have) [will have] 57,3% of adults from 15 to 59 years old in predictable future, but in Italy it will be only 46,2% and also have a tentence for decreasing. Moreover, the part of elderly people in Yemen now and in the 2050 is supposed to be much less than in Italy (4% in Yemen via 30% in Italy on average).

144)It is expected to have a growth in the number of people over 60 years in a half of the century. Surprisingly, this age group will almost double the current size. In comparison of two aforementioned countries we can definitely see that 2000 Yemen's citizens were younger than Italians, as the percentage of people who are sixty and more is less than 5 % whether in Italy they (:form:) (form) [formed] almost a quarter of the whole population.

145)	It is predicted that until 2050 the proportion of people from 15 to 59 years old in Yemen (:will increase:) (will have increase) [will have increased] to 57,3%. And in Italy, vice versa, the proportion of these people will decline to 46,2%.

146)	In 2000 in Yemen there were approximately a half of people from 0 to 14 years old. In Italy this proportion was about 14%. It is expected that until 2050 the proportion of this people (:will decrease:) (will have decrease) [will have decreased] sharply to 37% in Yemen, while in Italy it will decline a little bit.

147)In comparison, it seems that trend of increasing the amount of people from 15 to 59 is not suggested in Italy. The percentage of Italian' people from 15 to 59 (:go:) (will go) [will go] down from 61,6% in 2000 to 46,2% in 2050. The number of teenagers have slightly fallen since 2000 to 2050.
148)To sum up, it can be clearly seen that Yemen and Italy have a little different trends. The number of people from 0 to 59 (:decrease:) (be decrease) [is decreased] in 2050 but in different proportion, but percentage of people on the aged from 60 will drop down in Yemen, and increase in Italy.

149)Nowadays, the trend of usage of sports facilities (:increase:) (be increase) [is increasing] in different health programms. Someone considers that improving common health with the help of sports is a very good idea, but other people think that it does not seem productive, because many people do not want to engage a sport. This essay will look at the both sides sides of these statements, and later I will express my own opinion.

150)Many people think that creative artists should always (:had:) (have) [have] freedom to show their own ideas in any way they wish. Others consider that the they wish. Others consider that the government must control them.
151)Moreover, as a result, of this some talented people can leave the country which has strong restrictions and continue working. At the same time, there will be danger of troubling many people if their activities are unlimited. If we look at the history, even people with great gifts like Leonardo Da Vinci were not allowed to express any  ideas they (:wish:) (wish) [wished]. Also, in most areas artists were not allowed to draw pictures of a person, since it was prohibited by the religion. At those times, religion helped a country to control people, so the rules of the religion had to be obeyed.
152)Overall, the majority of people who held qualifications (:consist:) (consist) [consisted] of males. Approximately 90 percent of males received a skilled vocational diploma. It is more than the percentage of females by more than 80 percent.
153)But the other side of this question, is that sometimes goverment restricts on the artists and their art too much just because of their riot ideas, and in cruel times, when an artist could be sent to the prison because the government thought that his or her art had a bad influence on civilians' minds. Nowadays, the same things (:happened:) (happen) [happen] sometimes, too. Recently, I heard about the art gallery with political pictures, which was closed in one day.

154)The main evidence supporting my opinion is the fact that sometimes the government prohibits some forms of art in order to manipulate mass media and prevent people from seeing something that might change their political positions. For instance, in Soviet Russia some controversial books and songs were banned because they were indicated as harmful ones. But nowadays they are free to be read and listened to, and we (:found:) (find) [find] them quite thoughtful and interesting. 

155)The line of visits to the UK by foreigners also underwent a significant rise between 1979 and 1999, but not so sharp as the other line, starting at the point of 10 million in 1979, it (:reaches:) (reach) [reached] almost 30 in the 1999.

156)From these two charts it can be noticed that in 1999 the number of people who (:travel:) (travel) [travelled] to and from UK increased significantly. Also, it can be seen that the UK residents mostly choose Europe to travel.

157)To conclude, I would like to say that the situation is not too catastrophical. The behaviour is changing while we (:grow:) (be grow) [are growing] up. But still some aspects should be solved to predict the degradation of the society.

158)The line graph and bar chart show us the number of people who (:travel:) (have be travel) [had been travelling] to and from United Kingdom from 1974 to 1999 and where most UK residents travelled to in 1999.

159)In 1999 huge number of Englishmen (:visit:) (visit) [visited] another countries.

160)The diagrams below illustrate the number of travelers from and to the UK and several countries to which the UK citizens (:prefer:) (prefer) [preferred] to go from 1979 to 1999.

161)To conclude, the number of travelers of both kinds (:grew:) (have be grow) [had been growing] up to 1999, and France was the most popular country.

162)Overall, the number of trips was growing dramatically all the period, in the year of 1979 the million people who (:travel:) (travel) [travelled] from the UK and those, who travelled to the UK was equal. Then visits abroad became more often. The less popular country visited by the UK residents from the chart is Turkey, while France is the most popular.

163)As we can see, in 1999 year about 11 million people traveled to France, about 9 million to Spain and only 9 to Turkey. The number of people who (:visit:) (visit) [visited] the UK was 11 million in 1979 and it dramatically increased to 52 million in 1999. By the time, visits to the UK had stable growth, from 10 to 28 million.

164)Overall, it can be seen that in the 20-year period people (:visit:) (visit) [visited] the UK less frequent, than the UK residents were travelling abroad. Also, we can see that both travelling statistics of visiting the UK and other countries increased during this period. It is also clear that in 1999 the UK residents visited France and Spain more than other countries.

165)All in all, I am convinced that problems with student behaviour can be solved, even though sometimes it (:seemed:) (seem) [seems] to be hard and impossible. I am sure that this issue should be changed by adults: parents and teachers, who should be very patient, polite and accurate.

166)First of all, visits abroad by the UK residents (:overweight:) (overweighted) [overweighted] visits to the UK by overseas residents in 1999. A difference between these two numbers was about 25 million people. More than that, between 1985 and 1999 there was a great increase in British visits abroad.
167)A difference between these two numbers was about 25 million people. More than that, between 1985 and 1999 there was a great increase in British visits abroad. Also, British people's favourite country to visit (:is:) (be) [was] France, this number of travellers was 11 million visitors. 9 million visitors in 1999 selected Spain. And other famous choices were the USA (4 million), Greece (3 million) and Turkey (2 million).
168)The charts below provide information about how many British people go abroad and how many people (:visit:) (visit) [visited] the UK between 1979 and 1999 years. The second chart also introduces what countries like visit Americans.

169)Childhood is a very difficult period of time for everybody. The problem of children’s behaviour is very popular now because the type of life of children (:changed:) (have change) [has changed] and their behaviour has become worse. So, schools stay face to face with this problem, because there are a lot of children. Below I will mention some causes and decisions of this problem.

170)The chart provides information about emigrants, who (:move:) (move) [moved] to and from the UK from 1979 to 1999 and several popular countries between the UK residents.

171)The graphs show the information of how much people from England travel and where they prefer to go and contain the information about the number of residents who (:visit:) (have visit) [had visited] United Kingdom during the period of time from 1979 to 1999.

172)Personality development depends on our genetical potential and from characteristics we were born with. Somebody use it and develop their best born characteristics. Often, people who (:had:) (have) [have] small potential, and don’t have extratalent, work harder in the sphere which they choose, and get success there, but more talented people, who have more potential, usually are very lazy and irresponsible.

173)Michel was very talented boy from the birth. All things which he did, he did great, but he was very lazy, because he accustomed that all things he can get without hard working. My father was not so successfully in the children garden and the school, but he (:works:) (work) [worked] on it every day. Every day working can give magic effect, and you can get every skill which you want to get, but it is very important not to give up. Now, they are mature men, and as a result, they have different lifes.
174)The first arguement is that out skills which (:was:) (have be) [have been] with us from our birth will never be forsaken. This skills like our guides in life because they set up our wishes and our future. Regardless, the life experience can be easily forgotten and dodged because it can be a conflict of experiences.
175)Generally speaking, London (:had:) (have) [has] the longest length of route and at the same time the underground railway system was built here firstly. By contrast, Kyoto’s route was constructed later in 1981 and it has the lowest place for another indicators like the amount of passengers and kilometers of route.

176)Actually, I think that experience we (:are having:) (have) [have] during our life has more influence. Because characteristics we are born with may be changed during the learning process. It's no matter because when human is child it's possible to change his character.
177)The graph represents the dynamics of accommodation choices among the students in the period of five decades from the 1960s to the 2000s. In the 1960s the percentage of students sharing a house or a flat with others reached 35 per cent and was equal to the rate of those who lived as a paying guest with the host family, whereas in the 2000s the former variant became twice as popular being chosen by 70 per cent of students while the latter (:has lost:) (lose) [lost] its popularity with only 5 per cent of young people choosing it. On the whole, the percentage of students living in a shared house or a flat showed a continuous and steady increase. On the contrary, the rate of students being a paying guest gradually declined.

178)In general, various types of accommodation were popular in the 1960s but a clear tendency for the prevalence of the single variant of sharing a house or a flat with other students (:is:) (can be) [can be] observed throughout the decades.

179)The chart plainly indicates that demand for rooms in the shared houses or flats with other students (:had been rising:) (have be rise) [has been rising] with each decade. The percentage of students who chose such accommodation was about 35% in 1960s, 40% in 1970s, in 1980s it rose very quickly to 60% and then it began increasing gradually again: 65 per cent in 1990s and 70% in 2000s. The percentage of students who preferred to pay with a host family was about 35% in 1960s, it decreased gradually to 30% in 1970s and continued to decrease but more steeply to 20% in 1980s, 10% in 1970s and 5% in 2000s.
180)  A more detailed look at the graph reveals that overall changes were not always steady. The percentage of students living in a shared house (:has increased:) (have increase) [had increased] significantly compared to other indicators.

181)	To conclude, it is estimated that the most literate (:would be:) (will be) [will be] men who live in developed countries, and the most illiterate, women from South Asia.

182)Those who are against crowdsourced recourses can substantiate their position by telling that if everyone influences the language norm in the end we will (:lost:) (lose) [lose] the norm and this can even lead to misunderstanding among people. So, they think about some new and slang words as about «bad» and inappropriate for any kind of dictionaries.

183)Now I’m going to observe the given chart, which provides an information about where students resided over five decades from 1960 to 2000. According to the graph, in 1960s students were likely to live in the room, sharing house of flat with other students or to be a paying guest with a host family (35% for either choice). Percentages for those, who (:accommodated:) (be accommodate) [was accommodated] in student halls of residents  or at home with their own families are quite lower, but also equal as the previous two — 15% each. In the 70s rates of residents of students halls and shared flats have increased by 20% and 40% respectively. The rate of studentsliving in shared flat or house kept growing till 2000, when it got its maximum — 70%, and that is the highest percentage presented on the chart.
184)Looking at the detail, the percentage of students who (:share:) (share) [shared] a house or a flat started at 35 per cent in the 1960s and reached the highest point of 70 per cent in the 2000s and became twice as high as it was at the start. It steadily increased by 5 per cent every decade, except in the 1980s, when it rose dramatically by 20 per cent. Otherwise, the percentage of students who lived in a host family slowly declined from 35 per cent in the 1960s, when this type of the accommodation was as popular as living in a shared house, to 5 per cent in the 2000s, so this one became the least popular.
185)The given graph and chart provide the information about 3D cinema screens and film releases. The diagram shows the number of the 3D movies that were shown in cinemas from 2005 to 2012. The line graph demonstrates the number of three- dimensional screens which (:had used:) (have be use) [had been used] in cinemas from 2005 to 2011.

186)Thus, we see that the use of 3D technologies (:is increasing:) (be increase) [was increasing] every year over the observation period more and more.

187)Many of them don’t have any free time at all. Sometimes, such a heavy pressure makes students unable to concentrate on some subject better. Thus, one of the ways to solve this problem, which (:is being:) (be) [is] very widely discussed nowadays, is to remove some subjects from the syllabus, for example to remove physical education or cookery. 

188)The first thing that can be mentioned is that the more 3D cinema (:are being released:) (be release) [are released], the more digital 3D screens are produced. 

189)For example, in 2005 there were no digital 3D screens and only one or two movies (:have been released:) (be release) [were released].

190)The rate of the increase is also important. For example, before 2008 both figures (:were:) (have be) [had been] rising rather slowly (in 2008 there were about 3 or 4 3D cinema releases and about 3,000 3D screens). 

191)For 2012 the number of screens (:was:) (be) [is] not given, but the number of live animation films reached the peak. It was about twice as many as animation (live action- 45%, animation – 28%)

192)In addition, with the help of reconstruction of the island the government surely (:made:) (have make) [has made] the income of citizens much higher.

193)On the map we can see an island before and after some reconstruction (:made:) (be make) [was made]. As we can see, the accommodation buildings were situated in circles and the reception was built in the middle between them. The restaurant was built to the north from the reception and the vehicle track connecting theese two buildings goes on to the south straight to the pier, where the sailing area was constructed.
