1)The greatest number of people between 26 and 35 years old in 2006 were occupied in technology sector. It is remarkable that the number of people in building sphere declined  depending on the age. So that the older the people were, the fewer of them (:was:) (be) [were] working there both in 1998 and in 2006. Concerning the education sector, more people worked there at the age of 36-45 in 2006, their number was approximately equal to 125000 and just equal the number of people in this sector at the age of 46-55 in 1998.

2)Moreover, it is easier to study a foreign languageat this age, because in this step of education children have already formed the system of language based on their native language, which (:are:) (be) [is] an obligatory study on the primary level.

3)In conclusion, I would like to say that all the disadvantages of studying foreign languages in primary school are temporary and most of them are not so great, as many think. As we all know, the most interesting and valuable things are usually difficult, and children also think in this way, but with greater enthusiasm children happiness, good qualificated teacher, who are understands that their students (:is:) (be) [are] children.

4)The table represents the number of people of different ages who (:was working:) (work) [were working] in certain work categories in the UK in 1998 and in 2006.

5)The changes in the sector of education (:was:) (be) [were] not so considerable as in the other sectors, but in the fifth group, the oldest one, there was a double increase.

6)In conclusion, it should be said that there (:is:) (be) [are] no disadvantages of the chance to begin study a foreign language earlier than in secondary school, because the process of learning for children in the primary school is easier than in the secondary school, and, what is more, pupils in the primary school have less subjects to study and consequently a lot of time to study a foreign language.

7)For example, physics, chemistry and medicine are more intresting for men and philosophy, philology and art studies are more popular with women. In this case many universities think about the idea to admit specific numbers of male and female students to overcome this problem. (:Do:) (be) [Are] they right?

8)To sum up, the proportion in Japan, the USA and Sweden will rise by 2040. it means that there (:will:) (be) [will be] better medical treatment for people aged 65 and over in these countries.

9)Next, there are subjects that (:considered:) (consider) [are considered] to be traditionally feminine or masculine. For example, there is a clear feminine dominance in the sphere of children’s education: kindergardens and schools, whereas in the labour domains where physical force is required, the preference is given to men. Males and females are different physically and psychologically, thus they suit better for other occupations.

10)In 1940 the lowest number of longuify was shown in Japan, there were only 5 percent of population, who reached 65, while the graph predicts a huge rise in this country after 2020. the graph shows that the figure of older people in Japan will achieve the highest level in 2040 and it will be around 27 percent from the whole population. In the USA the figure (:was fluctuated:) (fluctuate) [was fluctuating] between 10 and 15 percent and this situation will change in the 2020, because there will be a significant raise in number of people aged 65 and over. Overall, the number of old people in Sweden rises too, but there were small declines in tendency. To sum up, this graph shows the increase of old peoplein different countries, by 2040 the numbers of them will be quite similar and will be more than 20 percent.

11)As shown, the population of old people in Sweden and the USA is extremly different from the same index in Japan. the numbers of people aged 65 were similar only in 1940-s, since then the numbers of people aged 65 and over (:grown:) (grow) [grew] in the USA and Sweden from 5-10% to 15% in 80s, but the population of old men went down in Japan from 5% to 3% in the same period.

12)the proportion of population in Japan was lower than in the USA and Sweden for the longest time of the period. But when it rised in 2030 the its percent became bigger than in the USA and Sweden. The trends of the USA ans Sweden were almost the same until the 1930, when Sweden's population (:begun:) (begin) [began] to grow rapidly, while in the USA population had a slow growth.

13)This increase is not sustainable. In Sweden there are three waves of the percentage increase. The first one takes place from the 1960s to the 1980s, the second growth is in the time period between the 1990s and the 2010s, then during ten years until 2030 there is a slight decrease and finally the percentage (:rocketing:) (rocket) [is rocketing] up to 25 percent. The growth in the USA Is substantially milder: there is a significant increase the 1960s and the 1980s and from the 1980s until the 2010s the percentage is slightly fluctuating without any remarkable changes. then it hits the highest point in 2040.
14)First of all I’d like to say, that I’m absolutely disagree with the given question. How universities could accept equal numbers, (:depents:) (depend) [depending] only on the gender?! In a case of global (except two or three countries) situation, when the number of women is obviously higher, than men is. According to the given theory, 2% or 3% of female becoming students should not be accepted.
15)About 90 percent of males had the skilled vocational diploma and only 10 percent of females had it as well. However, there (:are:) (be) [is] different situation with the undergraduate diploma. 70 percent of women had it in 1999 and 70 + 38= 108% -  impossible percent of had it also. Almost identical number of people (females and males) had the Bachelor's degree, it was near 50 percent.
16)Another argument for artists' freedom in work is that is the main feature of art process – (:creating:) (create) [is creating] something new. Art is always developing, new kinds and forms of it born every day. So how can government and political organizations control it?
17)All in all, despite the nubmerous differencies there (:are:) (be) [is] similar tendention in both countries.

18)But there (:are:) (be) [is] another opinion, that increasing the number of sport facilities would have just a little effect on public health. It is thought that other measures are more required. I can agree with that statement, because these arrangements are not enough for improving public health, but it is still important to pay peoples attention at sport and, as result, at their own health.

19)The low percentage of women can be explained by the fact that most women have no time for that type of qualification because most of them have families. Mostly women get undergraduate diplomas : 70 percent of women to 30 of men. The proportions of men and women who held bachelor's degree (:is:) (be) [are] almost equal, but the perecentage of women is a little higher. The reason for women to give up their education after undergraduate diploma is in women's nature: this qualification is enough to find a good work, but their main purpose is family. The conclusion is that women don't get the highest qualification, because they have to look after their children.
20)We can notice, that there is no strong correlation between sex and the level of qualification. Thus, basic higher education is more popular among women, but men more often have master's degree and postgraduate diploma. In conclusion, I'd like to say, that there (:is:) (be) [are] some important differences between men and women in the types of their post-school qualifications.

21)The chart presents the proportions of males and females in who got different kinds of education in 1999 in Australia. There (:is:) (be) [are] no equal percentage in amounts of males and females concerning taking each degree. The case, that is the closest to the equilibrium is the one with - 55 per cent of females and 45% of males took it. There are no more diplomas or degrees, which put these two groups into the same proportions.
22)Any art is something, just beauty itself, just a pretty thing, a reflection of the person's soul (or maybe a claim). That is why government's policy should be ready to regulate it - in case of sexual content with children, extremism or something else. For example, there (:are:) (be) [is] an age policy towards any art in Russia - that is absolutely right, but the point is to rate the content properly. There can be a strict law about art, but it should be just reasonable and clear. Another thing is that too much control is also not a good idea for art.
23)In the last two samplesdescribing postgraduate diploma and Master's degree the per cent of females is just about 50. Overall, we can say, that the percentage of females in the different levels of post-school qualifications is rather lower than males' one, and the most popular qualification for females is undergraduate diploma. And in general, females are not that interested in very high qualifications as males are (but still, technical qualifications (:is:) (be) [are] mostly spread among males, and whose percentage there is about 90%).

24)The vast majority of democratic countries and well-educated people believe that creative artists should always be given the freedom to express their own ideas (in words, pictures, music or films) in whichever way they wish and that there should be no government restrictions on way they do it. In Russia this issue (:take:) (take) [takes] a special place due to the popularity of traditionalism, orthodoxity and social dogmatism. Let's try to find out if there is some rational basement under such ideas and social politics. I would like to start with the statement that the whole world lives in the paradigma of liberalism in a way.
25)Let's try to find out if there is some rational basement under such ideas and social politics. I would like to start with the statement that the whole world lives in the paradigma of liberalism in a way. Everyone (:want:) (want) [wants] to have political rights, the right for free thinking and free expression, but not all these people want to see or listen to what others do and say (egoism is one of the most popular negative characteristics of some people). The idea do not have any color (white or black) until it doesn't touch our freedoms. Thus, contemporary should not be forbidden, even if we don't understand it, and nazi literature should be, because it tries to steal the freedoms of groups of people.
26)The bar chart illustrates the correlation between the choice of post-school qualifications and gender in Australia throughout 1999 year. It can be seen that there (:was:) (be) [were] different proportions of men and women in each situation respectively. First of all, it is worth noticing that there was a gap between the numbers of males and females who held skilled vocational diploma. The difference accounted for about 80%, namely there were 90% of men and only 10% of women had skilled vocational diploma.
27)Completely opposite proportions were noticed in the amounts of people who took undergraduate diploma, where the number of women comprised approximetly 70%, which prevailed over the amount of men by 30%. Moreover, such level of post-school qualification as Bachelor's degree is characterized by the data, which differs from the other parts of the bar chart. The numbers of men and women here were practically equal. Bachelor's degree was held by a half of both males and females. What is about postgraduate diploma and Master's degree, there (:was:) (be) [were] pretty similar proportions of representatives of both genders with the leading percentage of men.
28)But I disagree with this opinion. To my mind, government should limit some artists. We live in the world where society (:have:) (have) [has] different traditions, laws, values. It is important to save these traditions and art can help with it. For example, we all know that Russian people do not like ones with the other sexual orientation, and I think that government should limit the exhibitions which show us nontraditional love.
29)In such qualifications as postgraduate diploma and master's degree there, was observed a clear males' domination. For instance, the percentage of men having a postgraduate diploma was twice higher than the percentage of women, the former was estimated as 70%. Overall, there (:were:) (be) [was] no determined domination either by males or females, both Australian men and women held various qualifications at the sustainable level.

30)It hardly reached 20%. However, the graph shows that undergraduate diploma was more popular among women than men, as the percentage of females that chose this level of post-school qualification was two times bigger than the percentage of men that chose the same qualification. Considering the bachelor's degree, it is clear that the numbers of men and women that decided to have standard higher education (:was:) (be) [were] quiet the same. They reached approximately 55%. To conclude, it is clear from the graph that decisions that were made by men and women about their post-school qualifications fluctuated a lot.

31)On the other hand, there were more females than males who had such levels of post-school qualification as bachelor's degree and undergraduate diploma. The number of males with qualification undergraduate diploma made up 35 per cent, it equalled a half of female owners of undergraduate diploma. Briefly, post-school qualifications of Australian males in 1999 (:was:) (be) [were] different and fluctuated from low-level ones to ones of the higher level. Females had only mid-level qualifications.

32)One the most interesting, discussed and important questions is the question about the freedom of creative artists to express ideas. Everybody understands that ideas have different content from creating brave new world to destroing moral. These (:is:) (be) [are] useless and dangerous products of artists. That's why government should censor artists', some people say. Others disagree with this position and claim that creative artists may express their own ideas everywhere, everywhen in whichever way they wish.
33)Needless to say that there is a similar point in the higher education there are men represents more percentage. The amount of men who got postgraduate diploma in 1999 in Australia reached the point of 70%. Whereas the percentage of women slowly decreases from 55 per cent in Bachelor's degree to only 30 percent in postgraduate diploma level. Overall, we can see that higher education was more popular among men in 1999 whereas women (:was:) (be) [were] more succesful at the general educational level.

34)However, sometimes these creative solutions can show our perception of the world. First of all, a lot of people describe the meaning of the word "creative" as free to realize ideas. Despite this fact, there are a lot of creative people who work in the advertising field, and we can also call them creative artists. Advertisement it is a public sphere, and if there is not any governmental check or rules for it, advertising can be cruel and unethical. There (:is:) (be) [are] a lot of advertising campaigns that can illustrate this example.
35)However, sometimes these works are not adapted for little children. That is why I believe that public art should be under government restriction, in this case we can control the ethics, and protect the moral health of the people. But there exists another point of view, that art (:give:) (give) [gives] you an opportunity to express your perception of the world and it is must be compulsory free from government rules and restrictions. I'am partly agree with this opinion. However, there is significant issue, that such art is not for all type of audience: free art could be acceptable for your friends or people with the same perception, but not for little children or their grandparents.
36)Thanks to the chart it's clear that men were more likely to hold skilled vocational diploma, postgraduate diploma and master's degree. In contrast to males, females were not used to getting skilled vocational diploma, they amounted to just about 13% of its holders, however, the percentage of women involved in holding undergraduate diploma doubled the men's one and reached the point of 70%. The chart also illustrates that both females and males tended to choose bachelor's degree equally frequently, because the proportions of both genders (:is:) (be) [are] almost the same. Postgraduate diploma was more often preferred by males, but the quantity of females was substantial enough and counted for about 30% of men's percentage. To end up, master's degree in Australia in 1999 was held not only by men, as the proportion of females counted for about 40%.
37)In the modern world many countries try to promote the environment for developing opportunities for each person. Artists express their own ideas through music, pictures, sculptures, words, but their own expression may be misunderstood by other people and may be estimated negatively or even may be the cause of judicial prosecution of the artists. Many people demand to make the limitations for artists, but other people think that government restrictions (:is:) (be) [are] the actions of non-democratic countries. In my opinion, if we make limitations on expressing our own opinion, we can understand, that such limits can work against us. On the other hand, we should understand that we should not allow anyone to express an opinion through paintings or musicwhich promotes conflicts, disorders or making damage to the state.
38)On the other hand, we should understand that we should not allow anyone to express an opinion through paintings or musicwhich promotes conflicts, disorders or making damage to the state. Thus, we should make lawswhich, on the one hand, constitute the limits for art, but, on the other hand, allow us to express our own position independently on the opinion of the government. Likewise, our laws should be clear, since interpretation of the lawswhich have unclear statements depends on the court. For instance, in the USA only the court system (:have:) (have) [has] the right to interrupt the Constitution and all the laws. Thus, the decision in a particular lawsuit depends on the interpretation of the law by the court.
39)The question about the level of freedom that people should have is very controversial. There (:is:) (be) [are] a lot of different opinions about it. A lot of people think that an artist should get as more freedom as possible. It's reasonable because thanks to freedom to express ideas we can enjoy using new technology, scientifical achievements, medicines and other wonderful things.
40)We have a historical example World War II based on wrong idea. Nowadays many people express their ideas in different ways, but not all of them are good persons with peaceful minds. We need a strong regulatorwhich can protect us, and government (:are:) (be) [is] such a regulator. All in all, I think, that government restrictions, should exist in our world, but not complete ones. These restrictions shouldn't kill individuality, imagination and inspiration of creative people, but should help to clear our world from wrong and dangerous ideas.

41)Talking about Yemen, significant changes can be seen. The percentage of people between the ages of 15 and 59 will grow up from 46.3% to 57.3% by the year 2050. But the percentage of people under the age of 14 will (:went:) (go) [go] down from 50.1% to 37%.

42)According to this bar graph the number of minutes of local calls each year from 1995 to 1999 went up, reaching the maximum in 1999, about 90 billions of minutes, but in the next three years the number of minutes (:is declined:) (decline) [has declined] rapidly. In contrast, over the same period the use of national and international lines was half as much as local lines. As we can see, during the whole period the usage of mobile phones has dramatically increased from nearly 4 billion in 1995 to more than 45 billion in 2002.

43)Nevertheless, this kind of compulsory part of high school programs take a lot of students' time. They can have problems with studies and geting of new knowledge. People suppose some of the students want to work and earn own money, but they will be (:waste:) (waste) [wasting] their time. In addition, some students are afraid of responsibility and have problems with talking in front of people. They have trouble with unpaid community service.

44)As for me, I agree with the first point of view, because I believe that sport is the best way to improve anybody`s health. Of course, such factors as healthy food, sleeping, good relationships with other people have influence on our health, but sport makes us stronger, we can do more useful things in a shorter time. I can say, that people, who are doing sport have one very useful skill – it is time management. People, who have time on sport also can find enough time for doing something else. For example, at school, the children, which are doing some sport more often have good marks, than those, who (:sitting:) (sit) [are sitting] at home and doing nothing.
45)The problem of public health has been (:discussing:) (discuss) [discussed] for many years and, undoubtedly, we can consider this issue as international. There are absolutely different ways of solving this crucial problem, and I strongly believe that the application of the greater number of sports facilities will not be as useful as many people suppose.

46)It caused many concerns in medical, social,government and other areas. There were a lot of researches in order to find the ways of improving public health. Some people agree with methods, that were (:offeres:) (offer) [offered] by scientists, but there is also a big proportion of people, who disagree with them.

47)Firstly, each person should understand the problems of his or her own health. But if he or she is healthy, increasing the number of facilities can not help. Secondly, many schools and universities (:rising:) (rise) [are rising] the number of lessons of physical education for children. But it was not effective.

48)Nowadays, a sports and a healthy way of life are getting popular among people. So, the topic of increasing the number of sports facilities arises on the macro and micro level. Increasing the number of sports facilites (:making:) (make) [is making] sports available for all people.

49)On one side, increasing the number of sports facilites (:making:) (make) [is making] sports available for people, who do not have any sports facilities nearby. For example, in our country to the Olimpic game in Sochi 2014 a lot of sports objects were built, and now they will be given to citizens. So, there will be more places for doing sports. 

50)Firstly, there are people who have serious problems with health, e.g. the vision loss or broken legs. These people can not (:doing:) (do) [do] any kind of sports. So, they have to eat some fruits and some medicaments to improve their health, I suppose that fresh food is also an excellent method to improve a your health. Secondly, some people train too hard in sport clubs.
51)It should improve the level of service in hospitals and the conditions that modern hospitals offer. This measure will directly influence people`s health. Besides, people that live in cities are (:suffered:) (suffer) [suffering]  from the bad state of ecology. There are some problems that are associated with ecology: air pollution, dirty water, noise and so on. It will be better to create more appropriate conditions for people`s life, like green zones, parks, where people may rest from noise.

52)Initially in 1940 all three countries had 5-10% of pensioners, however, later this amount began to grow slightly in two of them and in Japan it fell down. In the 1980s there were around 15% of elderly people in the USA and Sweden, while in Japan there (:was:) (be) [were] only about 3%. By the beginning of 21st century the percentage of the senior citizens in Sweden and America was the same (almost 15%). In the third country it began to increase sharply by this time.
53)Overall, total amount of elderly people significantly has increased in times from 1940 to 2040 in three countries. Looking at the details, in the beginning of the period the lowest percentage of people aged 65 and over (:are:) (be) [is] shown in Japan (5%). By 1960 the line steadily declines and remains constant at 3% untill 1987.
54)For others it is much harder to be happy. When you have everything, nothing can suprise you. To reach happiness people need to stop being always angry and tired, they need to find a way to feel, better about everyting that (:happening:) (happen) [is happening] around them.

55)Saying "you" I mean "parents", because if parents want to improve some characteristics of their child, of course, they can do it. For example, one of my favourite films is "Elf". The movie is about a boy, who was alone, his father did not (:knows:) (know) [know] about his existence and kind elfs brought him up. A very funny Christmas carrol. But once, the boy met his father, they became a family and there was a very funny moment when they were sleeping in the same position.
56)All in all, there (:were:) (be) [are] more female respondents who have an undergraduate diploma or a bachelor's degree, while more man hold a skilled vocational diploma, postgraduate diploma or master's degree.

57)The biggest difference in proportion between males and females (:has:) (have) [having] skilled vocational diploma. It's 90% of men and only 10% of women who held it. The most “female” diploma is the undergraduate diploma.
58)They usually do sport, for example, going to the yoga classes, play football of basketball or do some morning exercises... Some of them keep a healthy diet and eat only healthy food. When a person (:do:) (do) [does] some sport, he looks and feels himself better. People should do sport not from time to time, but regulary and it must become a part of their everyday life.

59)On the other hand, most well-developed cities have a lot of different sport centers and it (:is:) (do) [does] not give a really good effect. People just are not interested in it. So, if we have enough sports facilities but they does not help to improve public health, what is the point of increasing it?

60)But on the other hand, some people think that sport facilities would have little effect on public health and there are other useful measures. For instance, government should provide laws that help to reduce pollution. Moreover, there (:are:) (be) [is] a lot of stress today in life that influences our health. So people need to have more relaxation. Also we are always in a hurry and we want to eat fast.
61)The majority of people (50,1%) (:was:) (be) [were] children in Yemen in 2000, whereas the minority of people (3,6%) were old men and women. According to the projections for 2050, the percentage of children is going to decrease to the level of 37%. On the contrary, the percentage of people over 60 years is going to rise steadily to the level of 5,7%.

62)In Yemen people at the age of 0-14 have 50.1% in 2000, which is the biggest percentage in 2000. Then (:goes:) (go) [go] people aged 15-59 with 46,3%. The smallest percentage is for people who are 60+ years old. If speaking about predictions, the situation may change and the biggest percentage will be for people at the age of 15-59.

63)Of to compare with Italy, there is another situation. People at the age of 15-59 have the biggest percentage in 2000 (about 61,6%). Then goes age group of 60+ years, the last place (:takes:) (take) [take] people aged 0-14. Projections show great changes in two groups: percentage of people aged 15-59 may cut down to 46,2%, percentage of people aged 60+ years will rise and almost double to 42%. The third group will change a little and will have 11,5%.

64)In this case, some people claim that increasing the number of sports facilities will let people to do sports more frequent, and will make public health better. The opposite point of view is, that such decision is ineffective, and there are a lot of much more productive measures that are required nowadays. Both of these sides (:has:) (have) [have] their pluses and minuses to discuss.

65)Some of them, for example, are not interested in sport, and they would not change their mind in any case. People, who prefer healthy lifestyle and regular trainings will find an opportunity to do sports in any case. So, such measure is ineffective because it (:do:) (do) [does] not have an influence on some target groups of people.

66)	In conclusion, I would like to say that such pie charts show us that our population is becoming elder. Those, who (:was:) (be) [were] teenagers in Yemen in 2000 will become aged 15-59 years in 2050. So do people in Italy: 15-59 years in 2000 and over 60 years in 2050.

67)So, we can see the stable growth of middle-aged population and decrease in young people's percentage in Yemen. At the same time, in Italy there (:are:) (be) [is] a growth in older people population and the fall in the population of middle-aged.

68)There are two pairs of pie-charts - for Yemen and for Italy. The first pair (:give:) (give) [gives] the information on the ages of populations of Yemen. Yemen's population demonstrates a big growth of "15-59 years" segment by 2050. Notwithstanding the 60+ segment is particularly the same.

69)Also there are people who think that there (:are:) (be) [is] a great variety of measures, which can be useful for solving this problem. And they have some reasons for this opinion. First of all, the improvement of medical service can absolutely increase the average level of human health.
70)The amount of middle age group will take more than 50% in Yemen. Furthermore, the amount of people over 60 will increase from 3,6% to 5,7% in 2050. Also, the prediction (:give:) (give) [gives] us information that percentages of the youngest age group will fall from 14,3% to 11,5%. Also, we can see that the percentage of elderly people will unsurprisingly level up to 42 per cent in 2050. This means that there will be twice more old people in Italy in 2050 than there was in 2000.

71)The pie charts show the information on the age brackets of Yemen and Italy populations in 2000. Besides, they (:gives:) (give) [give] predictions for 2050.

72)As it can be seen from the charts, there (:was:) (be) [were] more Italians at the age of 15-59 than inhabitants in the 2000. However, 0-14 Yemen's year-olds trebled the Italy ones and reached just over 50%. The percentage of people from Italy aged 60 or more was 24,1%, when the same group in Yemen was only 3.6%.

73)Nowadays, there are a lot of different problems in our world. The one of them is deterioration of public health. There (:is:) (be) [are] some opinions about the ways of improvement. Some people believe that public health will be improved thanks to development of sports culture, while others consider that it needs other measures. I think, that both positions are right partly.
74)The government (:have:) (have) [has] to provide people with all the necessities, such as good medical service, which help people with a service, and treatments. Moreover, a stable economic situation has to be there, saving the environment in the world. Overcrowding of cities leads to a high level of pressure for people, that has negative psychological effects, which is why all the contributing factors should be taken in consideration.
75)In 2000 the main difference in age structure was in number of youth people (0-14 years) - in Italy it was only 14 per cent and in Yemen - half of population. Adults were 60 per cent of Italy's population and 46 per cent in Yemen. Old people (60 plus years) (:was:) (be) [were] a quarter of Italy population and just 4 per cent in Yemen.

76)	As we can see, there (:was:) (be) [were] more than 50% of children in Yemen in 2000. But it is predicted that the amount of people aged 0-14 will decrease by 13 per cent in 2050. On the contrary, the number of young and middle aged people (15-59 years) will only rise from 46,3% in 2000 to 57,3% in 2050.
77)It helps It also helps to be fit. to be fit. But sport (:provide:) (provide) [provides] not only physical health but the mental one, too.. For example, doing yoga is a good solution for those people, who want to find a balance in their life.

78)To summarize the information from the charts, the shares of young and middle-aged people are approximately equal and form almost all the population, while elderly people in Italy (:has:) (have) [have] significant share.

79)It is obvious that sport plays significant role in health of people. Average person should do some sports regularly, if he/she wants to stay fit and healthy. Some people are not able to do some sports because there are just few sport centres in the area, where they live, moreover, this gyms can be very expensive. If government (:provide:) (provide) [provides] a big number of sport facilities, people will have more opportunities to improve their health by doing some sports.
80)Both countries have a large amount of people in aged from 15 to 59. The spread between amount of 60+ years people in Yemen and Italy is big. The ratio of older people in Yemen and Italy in 2000 (:were:) (be) [was] equal 1:8.

81)Today we can watch rapidly growing popularity of street workout. This kind of activity (:based:) (base) [is based] on using elementary sports facilities. Became in our country little time ago. Now the government stimulates it through increasing the number of sports facilities in collaboration with activist organisations.
82)First of all, sports and fitness (:is:) (be) [are] a positive issue for personal health and, as a result, for public health. I guess, that no one must argue with that, but, at the same time, is the sport of the first importance in this direction? And even if it is, would the public health increase fast enough with the growth of the number of sports facilities?
83)According to the charts, illustrating population of Yemen, the proportion of people 0-14 years old comprised 50.1 per cent from total population. Besides, there (:are:) (be) [is] one more big age group, from which population consists of. It is people from 15 to 59 years, the share of the latter group is 46,3%. The smallest proportion is elderly people - just 3.6%.
84)To conclude I will say, that building sport centers (sport centers), (swimming pools) swimming pools and gyms is a good deal, of course, but we should think that all of these facilities would be suitable by costs for all kinds of money bags. And it should be said that person, who (:want:) (want) [wants] to do sport, can find how to do it, even without any facilities, to my mind.

85)Secondly, we can state another situation in Italy. The quantity of people from 15 to 59 years was bigger then in Yemen in 2000 and consisted 61,1 per cent from all population in Italy in that period. On the other hand, the group people "from 0 to 14 years" was 14,3 per cent and the last group of population, which (:named:) (name) [is named] 60-plus, was 24,1 per cent. On the last chart we can or 'recognize' - AmE the age differences of population in Italy. The quantity of people from two groups(15-59 and 0-14) will decline, and accordance with this chart will consist 46,2 per cent and 11,5 per cent.
86)Nowadays, people discuss the problem of people's health. There are two different points of on how to improve public health: one group think that increasing the number of sports facilities will help; another group (:does:) (do) [do] not agree with this idea. I think that the first group is right and the increasing the quantity of sports facilities will have a positive result.

87)First of all, now different sports like tennis, swimming, football, are very popular. Different companies can use this tendency to attract people and show them, that sports can improve their health. Secondly, many sports facilities (:is:) (be) [are] more cheaper than something else. For instance, children go to the swimming pool at school, many boys and girls can play football, basketball in a special area, which can be inexpensive if it all was built it for the general use, but not only for one school.

88)Government use different marketing strategies to decrease the quantity of smoking people and people, who drink alcohol. However, it is not very effective, because people need something another to forget about cigarettes, drugs and alcohol, and at this time of our live we do not have any idea how decide this problem. Moreover, people don't have much free time to do something that (:take:) (take) [takes] much time, but it's possible to do sports at home.

89)The pie charts illustrate the changes in the populations in two countries: Yemen and Italy. There (:are:) (be) [is] situation in 2000 and projections for 50 years period.

90)In 2000 more than a half of people in Yemen (:was:) (be) [were] 0-14 years old. The number of 15-59 years old people was 46,3% and approximately 3,6% of people were older than 60 years. During this 50-year period the situation will change and the number of 15-59 years old people will grow rising from 46,3% to 57,3%.
91)To start with, in Yemen there (:are:) (be) [is] a majority of young and middle-aged people - around 96,4% and only 3,6% of old citizens. In future, this demographic situation will slightly change: there will be more middle-aged people (57,3%) and the amount of age group "0-14" will slightly reduce. In addition, age group "60+" years would become bigger (5,7%) than in 2000.

92)However, unfortunately, this kind of developing a new method can lead to zero effect. Firstly, even if goverment are able to build hundreds of new sport centers, it will not change people's mind, whether to try to stick to healthy lifestyle or not, and it could end up in only a disastrious money waste. Secondly, increasing the level of the people sport life can only be (:achieve:) (achieve) [achieved] by taking a complex of different measures such as populatization of healthy lifestyle through commercials and press, providing public health exercises and campaigning to attract more people into this new kind of life, that will be much better for them.

93)Population of both countries is divided into three groups: from birth till fourteen, from fifteen till fifty nine years old and more than 60 years old. In 2000 there (:was:) (be) [were] almost equal amounts of the youngest and middle-aged group in Yemen, and only 3.6 per cent were people of the age more than 60. However, the situation in Italy was quite different. There can be seen a marked prevalence of population at aged between 15 and 59 years old, which is a little more than sixty per cent.
94)When the government supports different hobbies connected with the sport, people start to do it from the childhood. Figure skating, swimming and hockey - all the facilities for these kind of sport are available in early childhood and help to develop relationships between person and healthy way of life. Moreover, sports activities (:is:) (be) [are] a great tool for imroving of public health because it creates a spirit of competition. People can compare their results and unite into different sport clubs. We all know teenagers' problem of spending their time in disco-clubs, drinking alcohol and smoking.
95)It is obvious from the charts, that the percent of young people of 0 to 14 years old decreases from 50,1 percent to 37 percent in the period of time around 50 years in Yemen. This information (:give:) (give) [gives] us understanding of great decrease in the growth of younger part of population in Yemen. In Italy the percent of young people slightly decreases, that is only 2,8 percent of decrease. In comparison, the young part of population in Yemen decreases by 13,1 percent.
96)	To begin with, in 2000 the percentage of people of 0-14 and 15-59 ages living in Yemen were approximately the same. The proportion of an older people was rather small (3,6%). However, the situation (:are:) (be) [is] expected to change and the number of 15-59 aged people will increase from 46,3% to 57,3%. At the same time, the proportion of older generation will rise, too (by about 2,1%).

97)The government should transform not education, but health insurance system. Drinking alcohol and smoking should be forbidden not only among teenagers but also among their adults. The healthy lifestyle (:are:) (be) [is] expected to become popular with the help of newspapers, television, the Internet and other mass media instruments.

98)On the one hand, there are a lot of people, who think that only sport and different physical activities can help us to become more healthy. The sport gives us a lot of energy and positive, it can make us get out of bed early. But there are people, who (:has:) (have) [have] different problems with heart, for example. And for them the big number of sports activities can be dangerous, that is why just using of the amount of sports facilities can not be the only way to solve this problem.

99)However, increasing the number of sports exercises (:are:) (be) [is] wonderful for people who like sport. Different type of sports allow them to try something new. People consider that it is very good idea, because sport is health.
100)To sum up, I can say that it is very good idea to improve public health is by increasing the number of sports facilities, because sportsmen it (:is:) (be) [are] always healthy people who have lots of energy. If we will increase number of sport exercises it will do our population more healthy and happy.

101)	To sum up, the UK residents enjoy (:travel:) (travel) [travelling] abroad, but they prefer 5 countries, 3 of which are very close to England. In 1979 11 million of UK residents travelled abroad, in 1999 there were almost 52 million travelers. In contrast, the amount of people who want to visit UK is very small, it is about 30 million is 1999.
102)The charts provide us information about how many million of the UK residents (:traveled:) (travel) [travelled] abroad and where did they go, and how many tourists came to the UK from 1979 to 1999.

103)Because all of people everyday, some of them every minute, talk or communicate with other people. The younger’s psychology is very difficult, in the same time very been affective by people. For example, the bad place can make feel bad or make the person (:doing:) (do) [do] bad things. The teachers, also parents, should talk with their students, also children, and do not give them the chance to forget about their good life, about loving parents, more and more to talk to them. Because some of children sometimes have a lot of secrets, which they cannot themselves tell, they wait, when their mother or father say “Hey boy, what is wrong?
104)Troubles with student behaviour are not only (:connect:) (connect) [connected] with biology processes. It is the difficult system of influenes. Any little problem can cause great deals when you are young.

105)Some people are really just born with it and no one can develop it from zero. Moreover, every science starts with this type of personality. The ones, who just develop their ideas, which (:been:) (be) [have been] in minds for a long time. It should be mentioned that I suppose that the characteristic of every person is very important, but experience is the most important. Everybody should get knowledge from their life.
106)It is obvious that first subway was opened in capital of Great Britain, then it took more than one hundred and thirty years to open it in Los Angeles. In this table cities are put from first opened underground to the last one. Besides, London (:have:) (have) [has] the biggest amount of kilometres of route, which is 394, but the biggest amount of passengers per year are in Paris and Tokyo (1191 and 1927 million), while capital of Great Britain has just 775 million. The subway, which is used the least, is Kyoto’s one (45 million passengers per year), because this city is the smallest and not interesting for tourists.

107)The oldest of the routes is route in London, it was (:open:) (open) [opened] in 1863, but the newest is in Los Angeles, it was opened in 2001.

108)For example, the oldest metro is situated in London and was opened in 1863, and the youngest metro is situated in Los Angeles and was ready to be (:use:) (use) [used] in 2001. 

109)It has only 11 kilometers. The London's underground is early-opened. It was opened in 1863. Then (:opened:) (open) [were opened] Paris's underground in 1900, Tokyo's in 1927, Washington's DC in 1976, Kyoto's in 1981 and Los Angeles's in 2001. As we can see, Los Angeles's underground is late-opened.
110)On the other hand, the number of animation films, which were the only films that existed  with just 2 film a year during the period from 2005 to 2007, increased steadily year to year, from 9 in 2009 to 25 in 2012. The growth of live action movies was faster that the growth of animation movies because of the striking growth of number of global digital 3D screens. This impressive growth we can see in the graph, the number of global digital 3D screens (:rised:) (rise) [rose] throughout the whole period, peaking at over 35,000 screns in 2011.

111)The bar chart given in the task shows the estimated sales of jeans for two companies next year in Turkey. We can see prediction for next year, from January to December. At first look at this chart we can see that the company, which is named “Jack and Jones” (:will:) (go) [is going to] have the leading position in sales next year. Also, we can see two moments in the chart, when “Jack and Jones” is going to have much higher sales than their rival, at the beginning of the year (January, from 100 to 500 thousands of pairs) and at the end (December, from 500 to 900 thousands of pairs). The situation is going to change in July and August, when “Mango”, the competing company,te with “Jack and Jones”.
112)The given chart and graph (:gives:) (give) [give] the information about 3D cinema screens between 2005 and 2011, and about film releases between 2005 and 2012.

113)Two graphs are given: the first is the line graph providing information on the global number of 3D screens from 2005 to 2011, the second one tells us how many animation and live action films (:released:) (release) [were released] in 3Dfrom 2005 to 2012

114)In the given picture we can see two maps, showing an island before and after the construction of some tourist facilities. At the first map we can see a small island, which is about 200 meters from East to West and about 50-60 meters from North to South with only one beach on its West coast. According to this map, there were no constructions on the island before it was turned into the condition which is (:showed:) (show) [shown] on the second map. A lot of facilities such as a reception building, a restaurant and 15 accommodation buildings have been constructed. The reception building can be found in the middle of the island, surrounded by a vehicle track, which is leading from the pier in the South part of an Island to the restaurant, which is located in it's its part.
115)For example, when I was at school, my parents gave me money for buying a meal. Sometimes I preferred to save the money for myself, not to spend it in school. That (:leaded:) (lead) [led] to the lack of the attention I paid to the lessons, because the only thing that I wanted was the big plate of something tasty and surely not the new portion of knowledge. Thus, I think the good meal cannot be excluded out of the school student's timetable.

