1)There are different views on what is the most appropriate age for starting learning foreign languages. One supposes that children should start it in the primary school, another thinks that it is better to begin in the secondary school. In my point of view, foreign languages must (:be begin:) (begin) [be begun] to learn as early as possible. There are several advantages of it and they will be described in this essay.

2)Secondly, there is more efficience for children, because of a big amount of free time in primary school. There are not many different subjects that are obligatory for pupils to study and they may spend more time on learning foreign language. In secondary school there is the variety of difficult and complicated subjects, for instance, chemistry and physics, which require all time to (:be learn:) (learn) [be learned] properly. 

3)In conclusion, I would like to repeat that sometimes educational system being need changes, but all of these ideas should (:examined:) (examine) [be examined] in reality. Because trying to accept similar numbers of male and female students it is a good change for making base of democracy, but it is not the best area of changing for this. May be, it will be better to look for another variant?

4)The firs thing we can point out is that number of people who are 65 and over has a visible increase in the period around 2030-s  - 2040-s in all three countries. The trends of graph's development in Sweden and the USA are nearly the same. The key difference is that the USA's trend is having a stable period during the 2000s - 2020s while Sweden has rapid rise and then slight fall of population (:agen:) (age) [aged] 65. This situation have caused difference in latest persents in the 2040s. Sweden had 5% less of 65 aged than the USA and in 2050-s it will have 5% more.

5)Firstly, it is important to set up a list of strict rules which should forbid using gadgets during the lessons and talking. Secondly, it makes sense to lengthen breaks as students can chat enough. Thirdly, it is necessary to work out ways making learning process more modern, lively and interesting, that students wouldn’t feel bored and (:distract:) (distract) [distracted] their attention.

6)For developing countries educational problems are rooted in economic problems of the country. But for the developed countries it seems that the problem is in the system itself. Educational system should be (:rearrange:) (rearrange) [rearranged]: new methods of teaching should be developed, classes should be more interesting and students should start to think by themselves instead of memorizing information.

7)To continue the topic, I can say, that this problem with bad behaviour of pupils can (:solve:) (solve) [be solved]. In my opinion, parents must spend make time with their children. Certainly, they must go for a walk together, visit some museums and communicate with daughter and son.
8)On(не уверена) или At the first chart we can see, that from 1979 to 1985 the number of peoplewho wanted to go abroad among UK residents, (:was encreased:) (increase) [increased]. In the 1979 there were about 12 million people, in the 1985 ithere were 20 million. And the number of people who wanted to go abroad from UK, was 
9)Finally, unpaid community services help government to save the money. If many schools will have such lessons a lot of work (:will done:) (do) [will be done] by children. In my opinion there will be no anything harm for school children if they pass time in working for a charity or improving houses or doing any another work.

10)Considering the changes in the number of middle-aged residents, we can note that in Yemen it is predicted to go up while the Italian 15-59 year olds are forecasted to reduce in quantity. However, there is an equal trend in both countries that the older population will approximately double in 50 years. Furthermore, this period (:projected:) (project) [is projected] to leave both countries with less children (a 20% reduction in Yemen and 2% in Italy). It is also noticeable that the majority of residents will be represented by people of working age in both countries.

11)In 2000, nearly a half of Yemen's population was under 14 years old, and it is predicted to fall to 37%. The 15-59 years old age group (:accounted:) (account) [is accounted] for 46,3% in 2000, and it has will increase to 57,3%. And the share of smallest part – 60+ was only 3,6% in Yemen. It is expected to grow by 5,7%.
12)As for Italy, the biggest part in 2000 was the 15-59 years old age group with the share equaled to 62,6%. It can fall to 46,2% by 2050. The number of 60+ years old people (:accounted:) (account) [is accounted] for 24,1% in 2000, and it is expected to increase to 42,3%. The last group – consisting of children was only 14,3% in number, and this number is going to descend to 11,5%. What Italy and Yemen have in common is that the shares of the 60+ years old age group have a trend to increase, and that the shares of children under 14 years old are going to fall in number.
13)As for the predictions for Yemen for 2050, they are rather optimistic, because the central age group (15-59) will be about 57,3% of all the population. The percentages for children and old people are 37% and 5,7%. As for Italy, the percentage of people from 15 to 59 years old (:will be decrease:) (decrease) [will be decreased] to 46,2%. While the number of people from 60 years old will increase (42,3%), the number of children will stay the same.

14)In my opinion, sport facilities can help us to improve our health level. I believe that people who (:involved:) (involve) [are involved] in sport live longer and healthier. Nowadays, we have a lot sport disciplines, and people can choose what they want according to their opinions, and everyone has chances to start because there is a lot sport sections all over the world. But you are not allowed to be a professional sportsman.
15)Some people (:convinced:) (convince) [are convinced] that the best measure to increase public health is by setting more sports facilities. It is because they regard sport as the most useful in this case. People spending more time on doing sport will spend less time on dealing with some electronical gadgets that have a great negative effect on our health, they think.
16)To conclude, it should be said that, all the measures should be (:taking:) (take) [taken] into consideration, because there is nothing more important than health. 

17)The number of old men is a quarter of all the populations in Italy. The projections for 2050  illustrate a huge difference from the year 2000. The amount of young people in Yemen will fall to 37%, but the amount of working and old men will be (:increase:) (increase) [increased] to 57% and 6%. In Italy, the number of children has not a big difference from the situation in 2000, because it will decrease only for 3%. However, the quantity of old and working groups will become equal (42% and 46%).
18)As for Yemen, it can be clearly (:sees:) (see) [seen], that in the year 2000 the most widespread age among people was from 0 to 14 years old (50,1%). However, in Italy there were not as many children as people from 15 to 59 years old (61,6%). What is more, in Italy there are only 46,3%.

19)The first point of view (:based:) (base) [is based] on the opinion, that sports has a good influence on health. Of course, it is true. If somebody does sports, he becomes stronger, feels himself younger, ills rarely and so on.
20)In 2000, in Italy the share of 15-59 years old people was more than a half of the population (61,6%). Anyway, the quantity of older people (60+ years old) (:will have increased:) (increase) [will be increased] to 42,3% by 2050. Also, the pie charts show that in Italy the part of young people (0-14 years old) is the smallest share of the population in Italy.

21)So, we can see that such group of the as teenagers grows from 2000 to 2050 in Yemen if the prognosis comes true. And the polar situation is shown in the pie-charts for Italy, where numbers of teenagers falls down from 61,6% to 46,2%, and numbers of 60+ years old people grows up more than in twice. Thus, we can say that the population in Yemen will be getting younger and the population of Italy older. Our projections are approved by such fact as that the number of children in Italy will probably decrease, and in 2050 it will only be equal to 11,5 % instead of 14% which were in 2000. And in this aspect, the population of Yemen has more positive projections for 2050: the numbers of children (:will increasing:) (increase) [will be increasing].
22)The trend in 2050 will change, but not significantly. Also, the people in the age of 15-59 years old make up the maximum per cent (46,2%) from the whole chart. In this period, the number of old people is doubled, and it will be equal to about 42,3 percent. The number of children (:will:) (be) [will be] decreased. 

23)The given charts give the information on the ages of the populations of Yemen and Italy in 2000 and the projections for 2050. The population in these charts (:divided:) (divide) [is divided] in three categories 0-14 years old, 15-59 years oldand 60+ years old. As we can see, in the charts that represent Yemen in 2000 people in the age category of 0-14 years old comprise more than a half of Yemen`s population. As predicted, in 2050 year in Yemen`s population there will be a shift of 15-59 years old people, and that category of the population will become dominant.
24)The charts below show the on the ages of the populations of Yemen and Italy in 2000 and the for 2050. As an overall trend, it can be clearly seen that the from 15 to 59 years old people occupies a significant part in Italy in 2000, but has approximately a half in Yemen. As far as projections are correct, the for this age group will not have crucial changes in Yemen and (:will:) (be) [will be] increased to 57,3%, but Italy will have the opposite situation, because the from 15 to 59 years old will be declined to 46,2%.

25)According to the chart, the percentage of people in Yemen, who are 15-59 years old, will increase from 46,3% in 2000 to 57,3% in 2050, whereas the overall percentage of people, who are 0-14 years old, (:will dicreased:) (decrease) [will be decreased] dramatically from 50,1% in 2000 to 37% in 2050. The situation has changed for the population of Italy. In this case, the percentage of people in the age of 15-59 years old will fall from 61,6% in 2000 to 46,2% in 2050.
26)Many people claim that it is nessecary to increase the number of sports facilities and various sport clubs. However, their opponents believe that it would not have big effect on public health. What is more, they support the idea that other measures (:are need:) (need) [are needed]. Who is right? The way I see it, I do not agree with the opponents'` point of view.
27)The main trend in Yemen in both periods of time is a small percentage of people who are older than sixty years old, so, in 2000 this share was 3,6 percent and in 2050 this percent will increase by 5,7%. And it is obvious that we can see that the dominant group (:is change:) (change) [is changed]. If in 2000 more than a half of the population were children who were younger than years old, in 2050 the dominant share will be behind the people whose age is between 15-59 years old. 

28)There are two main points of view to resolve this case. Some people think that if the government increases the number of sport facilities the share of sports and healthy people (:will be increase:) (increase) [will be increased]. Because if there are no opportunities to do sport, people would not be able to do it. It connects with other problems of people today.
29)On the other hand, sport culture (:needed:) (need) [is needed] in promotion. A level of sport culture is an indicate of level of public health. The advertisements of sport may be included in cinema, books or even music.
30)It can be clearly seen that approximately a half of all the population consists of 0-14 years old people in Yemen. It is significantly more than it (:is expect:) (expect) [is expected] in 2050, there will be only 37 per cent of all the population. As for old people, who are older than 60 years old, their number will increase. The number of people in the 15-59 years old age group will raise on 10 per cent compared with 2000 in Yemen.

31)Peope are very busy in the 21st century and don`t have a time on sports exercises. Instead, they begin to smokeand drink alchohol. The modern population (:needed:) (need) [is needed] in advertising of good health. People have to understand that they need in sports. Public health is very important for society.
32)In 2000, the half of the population in Yemen (:consisted:) (consist) [is consisted] of children up to 14 years old. People of 15-59 years old made up 46,3%. And the rest of the population were retired people.
33)This measure will directly influence people`s health. Besides, people that live in cities are suffering  from the bad state of ecology. There are some problems that (:associated:) (associate) [are associated] with ecology: air pollution, dirty water, noise and so on. It will be better to create more appropriate conditions for people`s life, like green zones, parks, where people may rest from noise.

34)There are two pieces of in the picture. One (:showed:) (show) [is showed] on the, another one is shown on the. the piece of the describes the demand for electricity in England during typical days in winter and summer. the second one shows how electricity is used in an average English home.

35)In summertime, the is a little bit the same but peak of using electricity is between 12 a.m. and 3 p.m.. During summertime, people do not use heating at night, that’s why at 12 p.m. in the night the amount of electricity units (:decreased:) (decrease) [is decreased].

36)The issue of happiness has been (:analyzing:) (analyze) [analyzed] by many philosophers, sociologists and psychologists. According to their research, all people have their own understandings of happiness, which were influenced by their education, the perception of the world and the background. What is more, the relationships between the members of the family where the person was grown up, play a great role in the determining this subject this subject.

37)I personally believe that universities should accept equal numbers of male and female students in every subject. At least, everybody should have an opportunity to study the subject he (:want:) (want) [wants].

38)To sum up, I want to say that women should choose any profession they want, and universities can not control it. To my mind, of course it is better when in class there (:are:) (be) [is] an equal number of male and female, because it helps them to know each other better. Moreover, maybe some girls are afraid to go to the faculties as physics, so people can advert profession as good enough for women.

39)On the other hand, there are a lot of people who create some inappropriate "pieces of art" that are now (:consider:) (consider) [considered] as a new view on art and culture. The works shown by the media to the wide public might have a negative influence on children and people with an unstable mentality and cause some unexpected consequences.

40)For example I can tell you about theworldd’s knownDJynamedd'Skrillex'”. When he started his way, his tracks(:was:) (be) [were]s unrepeatable with the strongest and mostbeautifullsoundss. However,the world's communitiesscalls that simple and strange music. After that he made some songs in normal limits ofthe existent stylee andgotd 3 Grammys. 

41)Moreover, every science starts with this type of personality. The ones, who just develop their ideas, which have been in minds for a long time. It should be mentioned that I suppose that the characteristic of every person is very important, but experience (:are:) (be) [is] the most important. Everybody should get knowledge from their life. To sum up, there is a hope that humanity and every person could develop fruitfully and get all the benefits from every method.

42)We are all different. Which factors influence on our preferences: genetic factors or social ones? This question was (:researches:) (research) [researched] by many scientists, but there is no one answer to it.

43)Overall, 5 out of 6 cities managed to open their railway systems during the end of IXX – XX centuries, however the railway system in Los Angeles was opened only in 2001. Still, the busiest railway system is situated in Tokyo – it carries 1927 million passengers per year, while the longest system (:situated:) (situate) [is situated] in London with 394 kilometers of route.

44)Some scientists suppose that when we born we have special information which (:have:) (have) [has] a great impact on our life than any other things we have in our life.

45)In conclusion, I could only add that everyone in the world has its own chance to get all of characteristics that he (:want:) (want) [wants] and the age for this doesn’t matter anything. It is all only about personal mind, if you want, you can.

46)On the other hand, I consider that everybody choose his or she her own life, he (:make:) (make) [makes] decisions how to behave in different situations. Perhaps, the majority of people would agree that if a person wish to achieve success, he (she) put all efforts to do it. But if a person does not have own opinion, manipulated easy by other people, so this person should make some steps towards dealing with this problem and take some measures.
47)But if a person does not have own opinion, manipulated easy by other people, so this person should make some steps towards dealing with this problem and take some measures. For instance, he or she can visit special lessons directed on development of the best characteristics of leader. At the same time, there (:are:) (be) [is] huge number of different courses, so people can choose this course that satisfies them.

48)On the other hand, the number of kilometers of route doesn’t in any way correlate with the number of passengers per year. Tokio with nearly 2000 million passengers per year has only 200 kilometres of route, which is worse than in London when for 775 million passengers per year there (:is:) (be) [are] around 400 kilometres of route.

49)Nowadays many researches (:has:) (have) [have] been held in order to indicate that the characteristics we are born with have much more influence on our personality and development than any experience we may appoint through our life.

50)Many people believe that our personal characteristics (:is:) (be) [are] much more important than the experience, because different types of experience could in different ways affect the human beings consider on his or her personal qualities. These people believe that the school knowledge, for example, is much more better for development of their children’s mind than lifetime experience.

51)For example, we can analyze one nation, italians. They are very active, very loud, use many gestures, very talkative and communicative. Do you seriously believe that there (:are:) (be) [is] special chromosome that gives them this peculiarity? Of course, the answer is “no”. They have those features, those peculiarities because their parents, their grandparents, their friends and neighbours, so, all Italians have them.

52)The table (:provide:) (provide) [provides] statistics about the underground railway systems in six different cities.

53)  On the other hand, experiences that people have during their life also influence dramatically on their personality. For instance, if you was born in the family where parents smoke or drink alcohol it would be much harder to grow up as a good person. But if you communicate with other people, who (:has:) (have) [have] other goals, interests than your family, it can help you understand what you want to do in the future and what kind of person you are. Moreover, it can be seen that events in which people take part also have influence on the personality, due to the fact that other people can juge or prise us in terms of our behaviour.

54)Today people always try to understand who they are. And one of the most essential questions is connected with the nature of our personality, with its’ birth and development. Some scientists proved that the genetic characteristics (:has:) (have) [have] a dramatic influence on our personality, while others consider other aspects rule its’ development. 

55)Also London's underground is a leader of the length of route (394). Contrary to this tendency, the leader of  number is Tokyo. Los Angeles's underground is the most modern, but this underground (:have:) (have) [has] more kilometers of route (28) than Kyoto's subway (11) and more passengers quantity (50 million against 45 million in Kyoto).

56)What's more, it’s the biggest one, if we look at the route's length indicator. The youngest one is Los Angeles's underground, but it’s already bigger than Kyoto’s, which was opened twenty years before. As I have already said, Tokyo’s underground (:have:) (have) [has] more passengers than any other one that listed, but it's not the biggest It’s 44 kilometers shorter than in Paris, and almost twice shorter than London's.

57)It’s also obvious that the only subway which was opened in this century is Los Angeles's one. All the others (:was:) (be) [were] found in 20th or even 19th century. Despite the fact that London's subway is the longest one, there are just 775 million of passengers per year, and this is just the third indicator. On the second and first places there are Paris and Tokyo, with 1191 and 1927 million of passengers per year.

58)The oldest railway system is in London, but it is not only the oldest, but and the longest – three hundred ninety four kilometers of route. The second city in historical sequence is Paris. Railway system was opened in 1900 and nowadays (:have:) (have) [has] one hundred ninety nine kilometers long. Productivity of Tokyo's railway system is very impressive because it services about 2 billion of passengers per year. Los Angeles city has the youngest railways.
59)Productivity of Tokyo's railway system is very impressive because it services about 2 billion of passengers per year. Los Angeles city has the youngest railways. Underground system here was opened in 2001, (:have:) (have) [has] only twenty eight kilometres and used only by 50 million of people per year, but, for example, Kyoto has only 11 kilometers of railway system and used by 45 million of passengers, however the system in Kyoto was opened in 1981.

60)Then were opened Paris's underground in 1900, Tokyo's in 1927, Washington's DC in 1976, Kyoto's in 1981 and Los Angeles's in 2001. As we can see, Los Angeles's underground is late-opened. The underground, which has the largest number of passengers per year is in Tokyo with 1927 million per year. Then goes Paris with 1191 million passengers, London with 775 million, Washington DC with 144 million. The undergrounds, which have the least number of passengers per year (:is:) (be) [are] in Kyoto and Los Angeles, with 45 and 50 million per year.
61)The first thing that catches the eye is that the oldest system is situated in London as it was opened in 1863. By contrast, the youngest one is in Los Angeles and was opened in 2001. As the London’s underground is the oldest one it is also the longest and there (:is:) (be) [are] 394 km of railways. The second longest is in Paris and it has 199 km of route. The shortest system is located in Kyoto, it is 11 km long and it has the lowest number of passengers per year.
62)It can be seen that there (:are:) (be) [is] a list of cities, arranging by their opening date. There are two extra similar criterias as the length of route and quantity of passengers per year. Overall, the oldest and the longest underground is in London.
63)On the contrary, the shortest and less capacity underground is in Kyoto City. It’s length is 11 km and 45 million of passengers use it per year. The underground railway systems in Paris and Tokyo have the close numbers of length and passenger capacity per year. In Paris it is 199 km and 1191 million of passengers, in Tokyo – 155 km and 1927 million of passengers. Two big US megapolises Washington DC and Los Angeles (:has:) (have) [have] quite different underground railway systems.
64)Speaking about the date of opening of underground railway systems in different cities, the first subway was opened in London in 1863, but the newest one is in LA, which was opened in 2001. The railway system in these cities differ, the length is different - the longest railway system is in London, compare to Kyoto has only 11 kilometers of route. The other short railway system is in Los Angeles and (:have:) (have) [has] 28 kilometers. But the length is not important.
65)The other short railway system is in Los Angeles and has 28 kilometers. But the length is not important. For instance, Tokyo's underground railway (:have:) (have) [has] 155 kilometers but passengers per year 1927 million. Paris's underground railway is longer than Tokyo's but the amont of passengers per year is 1192 million. The longest underground railway system is in London, it has 394 kilometers of route, but passengers per year only 775 million, compare to Paris's underground railway it is shorter but the amount of passengers per year is basicly more.

66)We can choose the right way, and thïs way is individual for each person. First of all, we develop our personality we have our point of view. Every person (:have:) (have) [has] his own opinion. 

67)According to the latest research, characteristics that we get from birth (:is:) (be) [are] more important. But opponents are sure that only experience that we have during our life can develop and create good man.

68)All that needs, it is hard working. They use next phrase: “It is no matter of luck, it is matter of time”. If somebody work, self-develop and other, he will become better than people with good characteristics that (:was:) (be) [were] given from birth.

69)The table (:provide:) (provide) [provides] us information about underground railway system in cities like: London, Paris, Tokyo, Washington DC, Kyoto and Los Angeles.

70)Overallthroughout the observation period there was a clear tendency for young prople to choose more independent type of accomodation, which is well (:showed:) (show) [shown] by the figures from the chart.

71)What is more, the students from the group A eat much more fruits and vegetables (:compare:) (compare) [compared] to students from the group B – 30 percent to 10 percent respectively. 

72)Moreover, students who ate more healthy food had fewer illnesses in the past year and their rate of attendance in class was higher than students’ with the other diet (90 percent (:compare:) (compare) [compared] to 75). 

