1)They back the idea that when children become older they clearly understand what they want and chase their desires directly. However, at this age some children have problems with speaking and cannot get over limits and certain barriers. I believe  that more often such problems (:connect:) (connect) [are connected] with psychology  and with attitude of a child to people around them and to life in general.

2)To sum up, education should (:provide:) (provide) [be provided] to all people nowadays. It is important for people to have equal opportunities. However, the equal numbers is not a good decision.

3)Firstly, I want to highlight that such stereotypes as «woman’s place is in the kitchen» or «women can be good qualified only in profession (:connecting:) (connect) [connected] with art» are absolute nonsence. Female students should not think that they are doing something wrong if they study engineering or physics. And in this way the role of universities is huge.
4)By contrast  undergraduate diploma selected minority of males, it was 35 percent. The second place on the chart (:take:) (take) [took] postgraduate diploma, it has 30 percent less than skilled vocational diploma. As for others, the amount fluctuated, from 45 percent in Bacheler's degree, to 60 percent in Master's degree.

5)In 2050 it is going to be even more matchable because of smaller percent of children (11,5%). As we can see, group of people older than 60 years will be almost doubled in 2050 in Italy (from 24% to 42,3%). And first of all, it (:causes:) (cause) [is caused] by higher level of medicine. The same trend we see in Yemen, but at much lower level from 3,6% to 5,7%.

6)The third tendency is that approximately equal numbers of people of both genders in 1999 held bachelor's degree qualification: there were 53% of females and 48% of males. To sum up, in Australia in 1999 skilled vocational diploma and postgraduate diploma were more popular among males, while undergraduate diploma was more interesting for females. Furthermore, bachelor's degree as a post-school qualification (:was getting:) (get) [was got] by equal number of males and females in 1999.

7)However, there are people who say that it is not enough to make public health better. Firstly, many diseases are not treated by sports, moreover, some of them prohibit physical activity. Secondly, nowadays the world (:face:) (face) [faces] with the more serious problems such as drug or alcohol addiction, that are more popular than laziness and absence of sports in people’s lives. To make people healthier it is necessary to make our world better in such aspects as environment. Many people suffer from bad ecology and pollution of the environment is one of the reasons for many diseases.
8)One of the main reasons is that you (:is:) (be) [are] what you eat. So right nutrition has a great impact on our health. For example, many people try to lose weight only with the help of sport, but they don’t succeed because a balanced diet is required.

9)On the other hand, there are other spheres that (:need:) (need) [are needed] to be improved. Otherwise, they will also have a bad impact on our health. One of such spheres is environmental problems.
10)There are two main reasons why it could be argued that public health can not (:improve:) (improve) [be improved] by rising the number of sports facilities. Firstly, each person should understand the problems of his or her own health. But if he or she is healthy, increasing the number of facilities can not help.
11)So, in general, the parts of the populations in 2000 and in the projections for 2050 do not differ very much. They (:increased:) (increase) [are increased] or reduced roughly in ten per cent.

12)In the last decades, there were significant improvements in various technologies, and this, of course, has influence on people`s health, so there are some very actual problems now – how to improve and maintain public health in present-day conditions? Therefore, some people suggest that the increasing the number of sports facilities can help to solve this problem, but others (:convince:) (convince) [are convinced] that there are should be other measures. It is a very controversial question, and I would like to express my point of view on the increasing of the number of sports buildings.

13)According to the pie charts, of in the Yemen's population the group of young people (0-14 years old) will be considerably decreased by 2050. The share of people, whose age is 60 or more years old (:will increase:) (increase) [will be increased] from 3,6% in 2000 to 5,7% in 2050. The increase of the share of 15-59 years old people will be about 11% in number.

14)Moreover, (:situating:) (situate) [situated] in such a bad environment, our food became not ideal, not nutritive and not safe. Of course, it has a impact on our health.

15)According to the chart, the percentage of people in Yemen, who are 15-59 years old, will increase from 46,3% in 2000 to 57,3% in 2050, whereas the overall percentage of people, who are 0-14 years old, will be decreased dramatically from 50,1% in 2000 to 37% in 2050. The situation (:has been changed:) (change) [has changed] for the population of Italy. In this case, the percentage of people in the age of 15-59 years old will fall from 61,6% in 2000 to 46,2% in 2050. What is more, the percentage of people in the age of 0-14 years old will slightly decrease from 14,3% in 2000 to 11,5% in 2050.
16)First of all, we can see in hours the difference between two seasons (winter and summer) in the demand and units for electricity for each hour. To begin with, the highest demand in winter is at 9 p.m. and units at fourty five thousand W. For summer seasons the highest demand (:indicates:) (indicate) [is indicated] between 1 and 2 p.m. and represents at twenty thousand W. The common tendency for both seasons is that the lowest demand is between 6 and 9 p.m..

17)The highest proportion of the pie chart is 52.5 per cent and refers to heating roomsand heating water. Then, at the level of 17.5 per cent comes the using of electricity for ovens, kettles, and washing machines. The demand of 15 per cent (:using:) (use) [is used] for lighting, TV, and radio.

18)In winter, electricity in England (:uses:) (use) [is used] much more often than in summer. The highest point of the usage of the in winter is approximately 50000, which is by 30000 more than in summer. The electricity is mostly needed for heating rooms and water, it takes more than 50% of all the usage

19)Overall, these two graphs show the connection between seasons, time of the day and what - electricity is used for in England. In winter, for example, when the sun goes down very early, the lighting (:begun:) (begin) [is begun] to being used earlier,  than in summer. Furthermore, it is usually colder in winter days, so it’s necessary to heat up the house and water.

20)On the one hand, according to the widespread statistic data the, majority of women (:have:) (have) [has] better marks at school than men, they are more occurate and hard-working. In this case women will study at the universities better than men and become more professional. In addition the situation when there are an equal number of men and women in the class is more appropriate as in this case students will socialize better, become friends with each other and know each other in difficult situations.

21)Second gives information about the date, when the underground was opened. Next column shows the amount of kilometres of rate. And the last, but not the least colomn provides information about how many passengers use the railway station per year (information (:gives:) (give) [is given] in millions). It should be noticed that the most oldest underground is situated in London, it was opened in 1863 while underground in Los Angeles opened only in 2001. For instance, underground in London also is longest than other in table.
22)Moreover, most of the students often prefer  studying the most prestigious subjects. In that case, administration assesses the quality of students` knowledge, which is good judgement for dividing both male and female equally. Female or male will be selected by the unfair  judgement and maybe will not (:be succeed:) (succed) [succed].   

23)Skilled vocational diploma was clearly the most popular among men. Almost 90% of people who had that kind of diploma, were men. That popularity among men can be contrasted with the number per cent proportion of people, (:helding:) (hold) [holding] undergraduate diplomaconsisting of about 70% of women and about 35% of men. In the same time, bachelor’s degree is more popular in women's society than in men's one.

24)Personality development depends on our genetical potential and from characteristics we were born with. Somebody use it and develop their best born characteristics. Often, people who have small potential, and don’t have extratalent, work harder in the sphere which they choose, and get success there, but more talented people, who have more potential, usually (:is:) (be) [are] very lazy and irresponsible.

25)My opinion is that everybody can be successful, and can develop every skill and talent which you have. Born characteristics aremportant fact for our development, but only when they use correct, with mind. The most influence on our personality (:have:) (have) [has] our environment.

26)On the one hand, characteristics we vere born with. Some people talk about destiny of every person. I mean, they think that maker (:have:) (have) [has] already prepared everything in our life for us, and we should just watch. Due to this fact, we got different characteristics in the begining of our life, and it’s up to us will we find this potential and use it or not. Like in a role playing game, but you can’t choose your class.

27)Nowadays many people believe that their characters are being created during the life. Those who disagree point out that people’s personality (:are appeared:) (appear) [appear] when they are born. 

28)Nowadays, science makes a great number of researches in different spheres of our life, for instance, health, psychology, etc. One of researches showed that the inborn characteristics are more important for our personality and development. It (:have:) (have) [has] two sides.

29)Moreover, I want to notice that not only features that we have from our parents (:had:) (have) [have] influence on our personality. Because during the period of socialization these features can be transformed by ourselves if we want. Different events in our life change our personality at all.
30)In my opinion, non-academic subjects are an integral part of education. Firstly, they develop skills different from what students can get in subjects demanding only brain activity. Moreover, these lessons provide students with an opportunity to (:distract:) (get distract) [get distracted] from contemplating problems posed at academic lessons. In addition, a part of students can succeed in those particular subjects and reveal talents that would not be noticed if there were no such subjects in the syllabus.

31)Pupils who are hungry have trouble in concentrating and perceiving information, that is why their academic results suffer. It is also should be mentionedthat food in school is to be good too. Children love all kinds of snaks, but their (:increasing:) (increase) [increased] level of energy level is only short-term. There is a need that every school has a special dining room, where children can eat healthy food.

32)The two maps below show us an island, before and after the construction of some tourist facilities. At the first look at the two maps we can see that level of life increased very much. We can notice big building in the centre of island, which (:named:) (name) [is named] Reception. Also, we can see accomodation for people (tourists) on the left side and on the right side of the island. Footpath and vehicle track roads are laid for tourists.
33)	Summarise the information I can say  that it was very big tourist project, which (:are used:) (use) [used] much money. After the construction of some tourist facilities 80% percent of the island has been changed by this project5

